A medium height asian young adult male with short black hair, white striped black shoes, black socks, grey knee-length shorts, black t-shirts with print on front. He is walking, has a silver watch and is wearing glasses.
A slightly overweight middle aged Asian male with green short sleeve shirt, beige trousers, maybe brown shoes and a watch. He has short black hair.
A young man, probably in his late twenties, wearing a black or charcoal colored tee shirt, with a pair of grey colored shorts. The tee shirt has a white colored design on it. He wears a pair of spectacles with a red or brown frame and a pair of white and black high ankle sport shoes, probably of the brand Adidas. His hair is short and black and he is wearing a watch or bracelet on his left arm.
A middle-aged, medium build man, probably an Asian with short black hair. He is wearing a dark green or olive green coloured, polo neck t-shirt with a pair of off-white or beige colored trousers. He also wears a watch on his left arm. His shoes are dark brown or black in colour.
A very slim teenage boy, might be an Asian, with dark, short hair. He is wearing a white coloured, half sleeve, collared shirt and a pair of light blue jeans. He sports a pair of green or brown coloured shoes and it looks like he is holding something like a mobile phone in his left hand. He is possibly waiting for someone.
A slim man, probably in his twenties, wearing a pair of spectacles, walking with his friends. He is wearing a light coloured or white shirt with its full sleeves folded up to his elbows. He wears a pair of dark coloured or black pants with a pair of black shoes and He is not facing the camera.
A profile of a man, in his thirties, medium build and tall. He is wearing a charcoal or black colour t-shirt with a pair of dark colour pants. He wears a pair of spectacles and a pair of white colour sports shoes. He is holding a backpack on his back. He is also holding a white colour polythene bag and a black colour, probably a laptop bag in his right arm.
A slim boy, possibly in his teens with short, black hair. He is holding a backpack on his back and is wearing a pair of spectacles. He wears a white coloured t-shirt with black colour prints on it. He wears a pair of red coloured shorts and a pair of black and white Nike sports shoes. He is wearing a bracelet or watch on his left wrist.
A slim man, probably in his late twenties. He is wearing a full sleeve, collared shirt with his sleeves folded up to his elbows. His shirt is brown in colour and there are white and brown broad checks on it. He is wearing a pair of dark coloured shoes and walking with his friend. He is holding a white colour polythene bag, probably a food pack.
A man in his early thirties, with an unusual hairstyle. His hair is dark and he is wearing a green coloured t-shirt with half sleeves. He wears a pair of dark coloured pants. He appears to be wearing a pair of spectacles. His shoes are white in colour with three black stripes, probably an Adidas.
A slim girl, probably an Asian with dark long hair. She is wearing a light coloured, three quarter sleeve shirt and a pair of dark coloured pants. She is holding a pink coloured bag in her left shoulder. She sports a pair of dark colour shoes, probably a canvas.
A profile of a medium build man, probably an Asian in his early thirties. He is wearing a red or orange t-shirt with half sleeves and a pair of dark colour pants. He is holding a backpack with a water bottle in it. He is wearing a pair of brown or white sports shoes.
A boy, probably in his teens, walking with a girl. He looks like an Asian, with dark coloured shjort hair. He is wearing a dark grey or black coloured t-shirt with a pair of grey coloured pants. He is holding a backpack on his back and is wearing a metallic bracelet or watch in his left arm. It looks like he is checking on his phone using his left hand.
A very slim and tall boy, probably an Asian in his early twenties. He has dark short hair. He is wearing a grey coloured t-shirt, probably a sweatshirt with a hoodie and full sleeves. he is holding a beige coloured cross-body bag on his right shoulder and a cup of coffee or coca cola in his left hand. He sports a pair of khaki coloured shoes and a pair of brown or magenta coloured pants.
A slim, tall man, probably an Asian in his forties, with dark short hair. He is wearing a white or some light colour shirt with half sleeves. He wears a pair of dark coloured pants and a pair of dark coloured shoes. He is holding something in his right hand which is not very clear.
A slim, tall girl, probably an Asian with a dark short hair with a small pony tail. She is wearing a pair of black framed spectacles. She wears an off white or beige coloured full sleeve shirt with the sleeves folded above her elbows. She is wearing a pair of dark coloured pants and a pair of grey coloured shoes with red coloured laces on it.
A tall man, slim build, probably an Asian with dark short hair. He is wearing a white coloured t-shirt with half sleeves. He wears a pair of grey coloured pants. He appears to be wearing a pair of spectacles.
A profile of a slim man, probably an Asian. He has dark short hair. He appears to be wearing a pair of spectacles. He wears a polo t-shirt with a pair of grey coloured jeans. His t-shirt has white and black horizontal stripes on it. He is wearing a pair of white colour shoes.
A tall man, probably an Asian, slim and middle-aged, appears to be in his late forties. He has a grey short hair and he is wearing a pair of spectacles. He wears a pink colour collared shirt with full sleeves, buttoned with a pair of black or brown colour pants. He is wearing a pair of black or brown colour shoes. He is holding something in his left arm, probably a book or a cd pack.
A teenage boy, probably an Asian in his late teens, with dark short hair. He is wearing a pair of spectacles. He is holding a backpack on his back and he appears to be wearing a black colour watch in his left arm. He is wearing a white colour printed t-shirt and a pair of light coloured pants. His shoes are white and are probably a pair of sports shoes.
A middle aged man, probably an Asian with a slim build and slightly grey hair. He is wearing a white colour collared shirt with half sleeves and a pair of black colour pants. He appears to be wearing a pair of black colour shoes.
A very slim teenage boy, an Asian, probably in his late teens, with dark short hair. He is wearing a pair of spectacles and a black colour watch in his left arm. He is wearing an yellow coloured, round-neck t-shirt with half sleeves with a pair of grey coloured pants. He is holding a black coloured cross-body bag. His shoes are also black in colour.
A profile of a man, probably Asian, slim build, in his late twenties. He has dark short hair. He appears to be wearing a pair of sunglasses. He is wearing a pink colour polo neck t-shirt with half sleeves and a pair of grey colour pants. His shoes are brown in colour.
A profile of a tall, slim man, probably an Asian in his late twenties. He has dark short hair. He is wearing a black colour shirt with white colour broad checks on it. His shirt's full sleeves are folded up to his elbows. He is wearing a pair of black coloured pants with a pair of black coloured shoes.
A slim, tall man, probably an Asian in his middle twenties. He has dark short hair and he is wearing a pair of spectacles. He is wearing a white colour shirt with full sleeves and a pair of black colour pants. He appears to be wearing a metallic watch in his left arm and a pair of black colour shoes.
A slim, man, probably an Asian in his early twenties. He has dark short hair and he is holding a white or beige colour bag on his left shoulder. He is wearing a t-shirt with stripes on it, and a pair of grey colour pants. He is wearing a watch in his left arm.
A tall, slim, man, probably an Asian in his middle twenties. He has dark short hair and he appears to be wearing a pair of spectacles. He is wearing a grey polo t-shirt with half sleeves, and a pair of black colour pants. He is wearing a pair of dark colour shoes.
A girl, probably an Asian with dark long hair and she wears a pair of spectacles. She is wearing a black colour jacket and a pair of beige colour pants. She is wearing a golden colour bracelet or watch on her left wrist and is holding a bag, probably a leather hand bag, on her right shoulder.
A slim, tall man, probably an Asian in his late twenties. His hair is short and dark. He is wearing a pair of spectacles and a metallic watch on his left arm. He is wearing a black or charcoal colour t-shirt with multicolored prints on it. He is wearing a pair of dark colored pants and a pair of dark coloured shoes. He is holding a backpack on his right shoulder.
A slim girl with dark long hair, probably an Asian in her late teens, wearing a blue coloured t-shirt and pair of black coloured jeans. She is holding her mobile phone in her right arm and it looks like she has an earphone in her right ear, connected to her mobile phone, probably listening to music. She is wearing a pair of black shoes.
A slim man, probably an Asian in his early twenties, with dark short hair, wearing a pair of sunglasses. He is wearing a multicoloured t-shirt, probably a grey and yellow mixed t-shirt with a pair of brown colour pants. He is holding a multicoloured bag on his left shoulder. He is wearing a pair of black coloured shoes.
A medium build man, probably an Asian in his early thirties. He has dark short hair. He is wearing a pair of white framed sunglasses. he is holding a backpack on his back and is wearing a white or beige coloured t-shirt with a pair of blue coloured jeans. He is also wearing a pair of white coloured shoes.
A slim, tall man, probably an Asian in is late twenties with dark short hair. He appears to be wearing spectacles and he is holding a backpack on his back. He is wearing a dark blue t-shirt with half sleeves with a pair of black coloured track pants. He is wearing a pair of black or grey sports shoes, probably an Adidas.
A slim man, probably an Asian in his early twenties. He is wearing spectacles and is holding his mobile phone in his right hand. He is wearing a brown coloured polo t-shirt with a pair of dark coloured pants. He is holding something in his left side pocket in his pants. His shoes are brown.
A slim, tall boy in his late teens, probably an Asian with dark short hair. He is wearing a pair of spectacles and is holding a long black cross-body bag, probably a laptop bag. He is wearing a grey or white coloured sweatshirt with a hoodie and a pair of grey coloured shorts. He is wearing a pair of brown or black coloured sandals.
A slim man, probably an Asian in his middle twenties, with long dark hair. He is wearing a pair of spectacles and is holding a white colour cross-body sling bag with two dark colour vertical stripes on it. He appears to be wearing a white colour t-shirt with a pair of white colour shorts.
A middle aged woman, slim build, probably an Asian in her forties. She has dark short hair and she is wearing a metallic watch on her right wrist and a black bracelet on her left wrist. She is wearing a white colour t-shirt with black colour prints on it and a pair of black colour pants. She is holding a brown colour cross-body sling bag and is wearing a pair of brown colour shoes.
A slim build woman, probably an Asian in her middle twenties. She has dark short hair. She is wearing a black colour polo t-shirt with white colour full hand sleeves. She is wearing a pair of black colour pants and a pair of black colour shoes. She is holding a violet colour sling bag, probably a cross-body bag.
A tall man with fair skin tone and white and brown hair, probably in his fifties. He is wearing a grey colour polo t-shirt with half sleeves with a pair of dark colour pants. He is holding a polythene bag, probably a food pack.
A slim man, probably an Asian in his early twenties. He has dark short hair. He is wearing a dark grey coloured jacket with a hoodie on it. He is wearing a pair of black coloured shorts and a pair of red and black coloured slippers.
A slim, tall girl, probably an Asian in her early twenties. She has a long dark hair and she is wearing a pony tail. She is wearing a brown or black colour sweater or a coat with a pair of dark grey colour pants. She is wearing a pair of black colour shoes. She is holding something in her hand, probably a book or a file.
A slim woman, probably an Asian in her early thirties. She has long dark hair. She is wearing a white colour, short sleeve t-shirt with multicolour prints on it. She is wearing a short skirt and a pair of beige colour shoes. She is holding a blue colour back pack and wearing watch on her left wrist.
A slim girl, probably an Asian in her early twenties. She has dark long hair. She is wearing a red or maroon colour hoodie jacket with a pair of grey colour jeans. She is holding a backpack on her back and is wearing a pair of light colour shoes.
A slim girl, probably an Asian in her late teens. She has long dark hair. She is wearing a grey colour t-shirt with short sleeves and a pair of black colour jeans. She also wears a pair of grey colour sandals. She is holding an orange colour backpack with something clinging on it, probably a teddy bear doll.
A profile of a slim, tall man, probably an Asian in his middle twenties. He has short dark hair. He is wearing a pair of spectacles with dark coloured frames. He is wearing a black coloured t-shirt with a pair of grey coloured pants. He is holding a black coloured bag on his right shoulder, probably a laptop bag. His shoes are black in colour with white soles.
A middle aged man, probably an Asian in his late forties. He has short grey hair. He is wearing a pair of spectacles. He wears a black polo t-shirt with three white stripes on it, probably an Adidas. He wears a pair of grey colour pants. His shoes look like they are black in colour.
A slim, tall girl, probably an Asian in her early twenties. She has long dark hair and she is wearing a pair of spectacles. She is wearing a white and black checked coat with a pair of black coloured pants and black coloured shoes. She carries a black colour backpack on her back.
An old man, probably in his early sixties with half bald head and grey hair. He is wearing a light colour shirt with full sleeves and a pair of dark colour pants. He is wearing a pair of black colour shoes.
A slim man, possibly an Asian in his middle twenties. He has short dark hair. He is wearing a grey colour t-shirt and a pair of grey colour jeans. He is wearing a pair of black colour shoes.
A slim girl with fair skin tone, probably an Asian in her early twenties. She has dark long hair, she is wearing a pony tail. She is wearing a black t-shirt with full sleeves and a pair of blue coloured jeans. She is wearing a pair of black or brown coloured shoes. She is holding a black or magenta coloured backpack.
A slim built man, probably an Asian in his middle twenties. He has dark short hair. He is wearing a grey colour full sleeve shirt with his sleeves folded up to somewhere near his elbows. He is wearing a pair of dark colour pants and a pair of multi-colour shoes. He is holding a black colour backpack on his right shoulder, probably a laptop bag.
A very slim, teenage boy, possibly an Asian in his late teens. He is wearing a pair of spectacles and he has short dark hair. He is wearing a green coloured t-shirt with prints on it. And a pair of grey colour shorts. He is wearing a pair of sports shoes, white in colour. He appears to be wearing a watch on his left wrist.
A slim boy, possibly an Asian in his teenage, with short dark hair. He is wearing a pair of spectacles. He is wearing a white t-shirt with prints on it. And a pair of dark grey coloured jeans. He appears to be wearing a pair of black coloured shoes.
A medium build man, probably an Asian in his early thirties. He has dark short hair. He appears to be wearing spectacles. He is wearing a black colour t-shirt with white colour prints on it. He is wearing a pair of black colour shorts with a pair of black colour sandals.
A slim, tall girl, probably an Asian in her early twenties. She has dark long hair. She is wearing a beige top with a grey colour jacket on it. She wears a pair of black colour jeans with grey colour boots. She is wearing a pink colour bracelet or watch on her left wrist. She is holding a hand bag on her right shoulder and is smiling.
A tall, slim girl with dark long hair, wearing a black colour t-shirt with a grey colour short skirt and a pair of black colour stockings. She is wearing a golden colour watch on her left wrist and a pair of black colour shoes. She is holding a white and black hand bag with horizontal stripes on it.
A slim boy, probably an Asian in late teens. He has short dark hair. He is wearing a black colour t-shirt with a pair of grey colour jeans. He is wearing a pair of white colour sports shoes. He is holding a backpack on his back with a water bottle in it.
A tall , medium build girl, probably an Asian in her early twenties. She has a short, dark hair. She is wearing a black colour t-shirt with a pair of grey colour shorts. She is wearing a pair of multicolored shoes, probably mixed with red, black and green. She is holding a red colour backpack on her back and probably, a mobile phone in her right hand.
A slim, tall man, probably an Asian in his middle twenties. He has short dark hair. He is wearing a pair of sunglasses and he is holding his mobile phone on his left hand. He is wearing a blue colour shirt with half sleeves and a pair of grey colour shorts. He is wearing a pair of black colour loafers.
A tall, slim man, probably an Asian in his early twenties. He has dark short hair. He is wearing spectacles and he is holding something in his hand, probably a letter or enveloper cover. He is wearing a multi-colour polo t-shirt with colours such as blue, white, black and red on it. The t-shirt has horizontal stripes. He is wearing a pair of dark colour pants with dark colour shoes.
A slim, tall boy, probably an Asian in his late teens. He has dark short hair. He is wearing a sportswear, a red colour sports t-shirt with a pair of black colour shorts. He is holding something in his hand, probably his jacket. He is wearing a pair of white colour sports shoes. He is holding a cross-body bag on his left shoulder.
A tall, slim man, probably an Asian in his late twenties. He has short, slightly greyed hair. He is wearing a red colour t-shirt with half sleeves and a pair of white colour shorts. He is holding something in his left hand, probably a racket.
A slim, tall boy, probably an Asian in his late teens. He has short dark hair. He is wearing a yellow colour t-shirt with half sleeves and a pair of black colour track pants with white stripe on it. He is wearing a pair of white colour shoes.
A medium build woman, probably an Asian in her middle twenties. She has dark long hair with a pony tail. She is wearing a grey or white colour top with a black colour short skirt. She is wearing a pair of white colour shoes. She is holding a white colour hand bag with multi colour polka dots on it.
A slim, tall girl, probably an Asian in her early twenties. She has long dark hair. She is wearing a grey colour jacket with hoodie. And a pair of grey colour shorts. She is wearing a pair of black and red shoes. She is holding a black colour bag on her left shoulder.
A slim boy, probably an Asian in his early twenties. He has short dark hair. He is wearing a black full sleeve t-shirt with a pair of white colour pants. He is wearing a pair of red or brown colour shoes.
A girl, probably an Asian in her middle twenties. She has short, brown hair. She is wearing a red t-shirt with a pair of grey colour pants. She is wearing a pair of pink colour sandals. She is holding something in her left hand, probably a mobile phone.
A slim boy, probably an Asian in his late teens. He has short dark hair. He is wearing a pair of spectacles. He is wearing a green colour t-shirt with white colour horizontal stripes on it. He is wearing a pair of dark colour pants. He is holding a black colour backpack.
A slim, tall boy, probably an Asian in his late teens. He is wearing spectacles. He has dark short hair. He is wearing a grey colour jacket with hoodie and a pair of grey colour pants. He is wearing a pair of white colour shoes. He is holding a set of files and books in his hands.
A slim girl, probably an Asian in her early twenties. She has long dark hair. She is wearing a red full sleeve shirt with a pair of black pants. She is holding a hand bag on her right shoulder. She is wearing a pair of white colour shoes. She is holding something in her hands, probably her jacket.
A slim build girl, probably an Asian in her early twenties. She has long dark hair. She appears to be wearing spectacles. She is wearing a white colour t-shirt with yellow or green colour full sleeves on it. She is wearing a pair of black colour pants and a pair of black shoes. She is holding her mobile phone in her right hand and a set of books or files in her left hand.
A slim man, probably an Asian in his early twenties. He has short dark hair. He is wearing a white shirt with full sleeves with a pair of black colour pants. He is wearing a pair of brown colour shoes. He is holding a white colour bag in his right hand.
A slim boy, probably an Asian in his late teens. He is wearing a pair of sunglasses. He has short dark hair. He is wearing a white t-shirt with long sleeves with a pair of beige colour pants. He is wearing a pair of red or white shoes. He is holding a black colour backpack.
A medium build man, probably in his late twenties. He wears a red t-shirt with a pair of grey colour shorts. He is wearing a pair of black colour sandals. He is holding a black colour backpack.
A girl, probably an Asian in her middle twenties. She has long dark hair. She is wearing a black colour top and a pair of black colour pants with black colour boots. She is holding a red colour bag on her right shoulder.
A girl, probably speaking on her mobile phone, probably an Asian in her early twenties. She has dark long hair. She is wearing a black top with a grey short skirt. And a pair of black stockings. She is wearing a pair of brown colour boots. She is holding a red colour bag on her right shoulder.
A medium build man, probably an Asian is his early twenties. He has short dark hair. He is wearing a grey colour sweatshirt with a pair of blue colour shorts. He is wearing a pair of black colour slippers.
A medium build woman, probably an Asian in her late thirties. She has short dark hair. She is wearing a white colour jacket with a pair of white colour pants and a pair of white colour shoes.
A slim build man, probably an Asian in his early twenties. He has dark short hair. He is wearing a white colour polo t-shirt with a pair of beige colour pants. He is wearing a pair of white colour slippers. He is holding something in his right hand, probably a set of files.
A tall, medium build woman, probably an Asian in her middle twenties. He has dark long hair. She is wearing a white colour top with a pair of blue colour jeans. She is holding a backpack on her back. She is holding something in her left hand, probably a mobile phone or some papers.
A slim boy, probably an Asian in his teenage. He has short dark hair. He is wearing a green colour t-shirt with a pair of grey colour jeans. He is wearing a pair of black or grey colour shoes. He is holding a backpack on his back.
A tall, medium build woman, probably an Asian in her middle twenties. She has long dark hair. She is wearing a light blue shirt with a black short skirt. SHe is wearing a red or brown colour sandals. She is holding a black colour hand bag in her right hand.
A short, slim girl, probably an Asian in her early twenties. She has long dark hair. She is wearing a maroon colour t-shirt with a pair of grey colour pants, and a pair of brown colour leather boots. She is holding a pink colour hand bag on her right shoulder. She is holding something in her left hand, probably a shopping bag.
A slim woman, probably an Asian in her late thirties. She has short dark hair. She is wearing a grey colour jacket and a pair of black colour pants. She is holding a handbag in her left hand.
A short, slim boy, probably an Asian in his late teens. He has short dark hair. He is wearing a black colour polo t-shirt with full sleeves and a pair of black colour pants. He is wearing a pair of green colour shoes. He is holding a backpack on his back. He is holding something in his hands, probably a mobile phone.
A short, slim girl, probably an Asian in her late teens. She has long dark hair. She is wearing a white top with a black jacket and with a pair of blue skinny jeans. She is wearing a pair of red or brown shoes. She is holding something in her right hand, probably her hand bag.
A short, slim girl, probably an Asian in her early twenties. She has long dark hair. She is wearing a white t-shirt with a pair of black pants. She is wearing a pair of pink colour shoes. She is holding shopping bags in her left hand and a backpack on her back.
A short, slim girl, probably an Asian in her early twenties. She has short dark hair. She is wearing a blue jacket and a pair of dark coloured pants. She is wearing a pair of red colour wedges. She is holding something in her right hand, probably a tablet or a mobile phone.
A tall, slim girl, probably an Asian in her middle twenties. She has dark long hair. She is wearing a dark grey coloured long winter coat with a pair of black coloured stockings. She is holding a shoulder bag on her right shoulder.
A thin, tall girl, with a long brown coloured hair. She is wearing a black jacket on a grey striped top. She is wearing a pair of grey capri pants. She is wearing a pair of black shoes. She is holding something in her hand, probably a blue colour sheet or file or blue colour cloth.
A fit Asian girl, probably in her early twenties with long dark hair. She is wearing a white short-sleeve t-shirt with a pair of dark blue shorts. She is wearing a pair of red slippers. She is holding a shoulder bag on her right shoulder. She is holding a set of files in her right hand and she appears to be holding her mobile phone in her left hand.
A medium build short man, with dark coloured short hair. He is wearing a grey colour t-shirt with black colour half sleeves. He is wearing a pair of grey or white colour shorts. He is wearing a pair of white colour shoes with 3 red stripes on it, probably an Adidas. He is holding a backpack.
A very tall, well built woman, with long dark hair. She is wearing a pink coloured shirt with full sleeves and a pair of grey colour shorts. She is wearing a pair of white and red shoes. She is holding a brown or orange backpack on her back. She is holding her mobile phone in her hands.
A dark skinned man, medium build, probably an Asian in his early thirties. He has dark short hair. He is wearing a red t-shirt with white letters on it. He is wearing a pair of grey colour pants. He is holding a cross-body sling bag on his shoulder. He is holding something in his left hand, probably a food pack.
A fat boy, probably an Asian in his early twenties. He appears to be wearing spectacles. He has short dark hair. He is wearing a long and big grey coloured jacket with a pair of grey colour pants and grey colour shoes.
A thin, tall girl with long dark hair, probably an Asian in her early twenties. She is wearing a pink long sleeve top, with a pair of black leggings. She is wearing a pair of brown or green colour shoes. She is holding her orange or red colour hand bag on her left shoulder.
A tall, slim man, probably an Asian in his early twenties. He is wearing spectacles and he has dark short hair. He is wearing yellow colour t-shirt with a pair of grey colour pants. He is holding a backpack on his back. He is wearing a pair of black colour sandals.
A tall man, probably an Asian in his late thirties. He has short dark hair, with some grey hair. He is wearing black t-shirt with a pair of beige pants. He is wearing a pair of white colour shoes and is holding a backpack on his left shoulder.
A fat, short man, probably an Asian in his middle twenties. He has short dark hair. He is wearing spectacles. He is wearing a grey or blue shirt with full sleeves and a pair of black colour pants. He is holding a travel bag in his right hand.
A skinny boy, probably an Asian in his early twenties. He has short dark hair. He is wearing red or brown colour framed spectacles. He is wearing a white t-shirt with a pair of grey pants. He is wearing a pair of white or grey shoes. He is holding a black backpack on his back and he is wearing a black watch or bracelet on his left wrist.
A short, thin man, probably an Asian in his early twenties. He is wearing spectacles and his hair is short and dark. He is wearing a white or light blue shirt with a pair of grey pants. He is wearing a pair of blue and white shoes. He is holding something in his left hand, probably a bag with his jacket.
none
none
A fat woman, probably an Asian in her early thirties. She has short dark hair. She is wearing a brown or black colour solid t-shirt with a pair of grey pants. She is holding something in her right hand, probably a polythene bag or a glass jar.
A man wearing a half sleeve olive green polo t-shirt. He looks tall and he has dark short hair. He is wearing a pair of light colour pants. He is not facing the camera.
Tall and lean guy wearing spectacles. He has dark hair and his hair is short. He is wearing a half sleeve white colour shirt and a pair of blue colour jeans. He wears a pair of white colour shoes.
An image of a tall man, with his hands folded. His hair is short and dark. He is wearing eyeglasses and he is wearing a full sleeve shirt in white or grey colour. He is wearing a pair of black colour pants.
The person appears to be an Asian with short hair and his hair is dark in colour. He is wearing a black t-shirt with a pair of black pants. He is wearing a pair of white shoes and he is holding a couple of shopping bags.
A tall, lean man with black colour short hair, he is wearing white t-shirt with a pair of black colour shorts. He is holding something in his right hand. And he is carrying a shoulder bag in his right shoulder.
An Asian, tall and skinny man, probably in his late twenties. He has a short hair and it is dark. He is wearing a black and white checked shirt with a pair of grey jeans. He is holding a polythene bag in his right hand, probably a food bag.
A medium build man, should be in his early thirties and an Asian. He wears a pair of eye glasses and is wearing a green colour t-shirt with a pair of grey pants. He is wearing a pair of red colour shoes.
A girl with long dark hair, wearing a grey colour jacket or shrug, with a pair of black colour pants. She is holding a pink colour shoulder bag on her left shoulder.
An Asian man with medium build, wearing a red colour t-shirt with white colour letters on it. He is wearing a pair of grey colour pants. He is carrying a backpack and is wearing a pair of black and red shoes. He is smiling as he walks.
A tall guy with a mobile phone in his left hand. He has short and dair hair. He is wearing a dark colour polo with a pair of dark jeans. He is wearing a watch in his left wrist. He has a backpack on his back.
A tall Asian in his twenties, with short dark hair, wearing a grey or white jacket with black buttons on it. He is wearing a pair of black colour pants. He is carrying a shoulder bag on his left shoulder and his holding a coffee up in his left hand.
An old man, Asian, probably in his early sixties. He has short grey hair and is wearing a white or light blue shirt with a pair of black colour pants. He is wearing eye glasses.
A picture of a tall girl with a pony tail, she has dark colour hair. She is wearing a white shirt with a pair of black pants. She is holding something in her hands.
An Asian man, fit and tall, walking briskly. He is wearing spectacles and a white t-shirt with a pair of grey pants.
A man wearing a polo neck t-shirt in white and black colour with horizontal stripes on it. He is wearing eye glasses and has short dark hair. He is wearing a pair of dark colour pants.
A tall, lean man with grey hair, wearing a pink colour shirt with full sleeves and a pair of black colour pants. He is wearing black colour shoes. He has something in his left hand and he is wearing a pair of eye glasses.
A man holding a black colour backpack. He is tall and he is wearing a white t-shirt with a pair of grey pants. He is wearing grey or white colour shoes. He sports a watch on his left wrist and his carrying a carry bag clinging to his bag.
A middle aged man in his forties, with very short dark hair. He is wearing white shirt with a pair of black pants. He wears a pair of black shoes. And he is wearing spectacles.
A man with a yellow tee shirt, with black colour letters on it. He is tall and he has black hair. He is wearing a pair of grey colour pants. He carries a cross-body bag, black in colour. He is wearing black colour shoes.
A guy who is tall and slim, wearing a pair of eye glasses and a pink polo t-shirt with a pair of dark colour pants. He is wearing a pair of grey colour shoes.
A skinny and tall man, wearing a black and white checked shirt with a pair of black colour pants. He is wearing a pair of eye glasses and has dark short hair.
A thin man wearing white colour shirt with a pair of black colour pants. He is tall and he has black coloured hair and his hair is short. He is probably an Asian.
A boy in his early twenties carrying a big white bag on his left shoulder. He is wearing a grey and white horizontally striped t-shirt with a pair of grey colour shorts. He is wearing a pair of white shoes.
A very skinny man, looking very thin and tall, probably an Asian in his middle twenties. He is wearing a grey or blue polo t-shirt with a pair of black pants. He is also wearing a pair of black shoes.
A girl wearing her blue colour shrug on her white colour top with a pair of beige colour pants. She has long dark hair with a pony tail. She is holding a bag on her right shoulder, probably a leather bag.
A man carrying a black colour backpack on his right side shoulder. He is tall and fit, he wears a black or brown colour t-shirt with a pair of black color pants and black shoes.
An Asian girl, really skinny and lean, but tall, wearing a blue colour t-shirt with a pair of black colour pants and white colour waist belt. She has long dark hair with a ponytail. She is holding her clutch in her right hand.
A boy carrying a yellow backpack on his back. He is tall and he looks like he is in his early twenties. He has short black hair. He is wearing a grey t-shirt with a pair of grey pants. He is holding a set of files in his right hand.
A man wearing a white colour framed spectacles, tall and lean, looks like an Asian. He has short dark hair. He is wearing a white zipped jacket with a pair of green or grey pants. He is wearing a pair of white shoes.
A man with short dark hair, wearing a blue or grey coloured t-shirt with a pair of black colour pants. He is carrying a black colour backpack on his back. He seems to be wearing white colour shoes.
A man with dark short hair, carrying a large brown colour backpack, wearing a brown colour polo t-shirt with a pair of black colour pants. He is wearing pair of brown colour shoes.
A lean guy wearing a white colour full hand t-shirt with red stripes on it and a pair of grey colour shorts. He has short dark hair and he is wearing a pair of spectacles. He is carrying a bag on his left shoulder.
A lady, probably an Asian in her middle twenties, wearing a white t-shirt with a pair of grey capri pants. She is carrying a white colour big sling bag on her right shoulder and is wearing beige colour sandals.
A man with spectacles, tall and lean with black colour hair, wearing a white t-shirt with a pair of black pants. He is wearing a sling bag on his right shoulder and has a short hair.
A tall and skinny girl with short brown colour hair, wearing a black tshirt with a grey or white long sleeve. She is wearing a pair of black pants and She is carrying a back pack on her back. She is wearing black shoes.
A tall old man, probably in his late sixties, with full grey hair, wearing a grey polo t-shirt with a pair of black or grey pants. He is wearing grey or black sandals with white socks inside. He is holding a polythene bag in his right hand.
A man in his early twenties standing wearing a black or grey hoodlie sweatshirt with a pair of black shorts and a pair of red loafers. He is carrying a black colour backpack with white colour stripe on it. He has short dark hair.
Tall woman in her late twenties, holding an iPad or a tablet in her hands with a white headphone connecting the tablet to her ears. She is wearing a black shirt with a pair of black pants and black shoes. She has long black hair with a ponytail.
A woman in her early thirties wearing a grey skirt with a white t-shirt. She has long dark her and she wears a ponytail. She is wearing a pair of white shoes and she is holding a black hand bag on her left shoulder. She is wearing a bracelet or watch on her left wrist.
A girl with long black hair and wearing spectacles, smiling. She is wearing a big red or brown winter jacket with hoodie, a white t-shirt with a pair of grey jeans. She wears pink colour flat slippers.
A tall girl in her early twenties, with a long dark hair, wearing a white top with a pair of black pants. She is wearing a pair of white shoes and a pair of eye-glasses. She is wearing a red colour watch on her left wrist. She is carrying a red colour backpack on her back.
The man in the picture looks like he is tall with dark hair. His hair is short. He is wearing a black t-shirt with a pair of light colour pants. He is wearing a pair of ligh colour shoes. He is carrying a backpack on his right shoulder. He appears to be wearing eye glasses.
A middle aged man, probably in his late forties, with short grey hair, wearing a black polo t-shirt with white stripes on the sleeves. He is wearing a pair of grey pants. He is wearing spectacles and he is holding a set of files in his right hand. He is carrying a waist pack.
A girl carrying a grey or green backpack. She is tall and she has long dark hair with a ponytail. She is wearing a black and white checked winter top with a pair of black pants. She is wearing black shoes.
An old man in his late sixties, probably an Asian, with full grey hair and half bald head. He is wearing a full sleeve grey colour shirt with a pair of black pants. He is just watching or watiing for something.
A very skinny person with a very short black hair. He is wearing a grey colour t-shirt with a pair of dark colour pants. He wears a pair of dark colour shoes.
A woman in her early twenties, with long black hair with a ponytail. She is wearing a black colour sweatshirt with a pair of blue colour jeans. She is carrying a brown or magenta coloured backpack.
A man carrying his laptop bag on his right shoulder. The laptop bag is black. He looks tall and he has short dark hair. He is wearing a light blue or grey shirt with full sleeves and a pair of dark colour pants. He is wearing white colour shoes. He appears to be wearing a watch or bracelet in his left hand.
A man walking in his grey or white colour shoes. He is tall and he is wearing eye glasses. He has dark short hair. He is wearing a green or blue colour t-shirt with a pair of grey colour shorts.
This man appears to be having a short hair, fully black. He has a fair skin tone. He is wearing white t-shirt with a pair of grey or blue jeans. He is wearing a pair of black shoes.
A medium build man wearing a black t-shirt with a pair of black shorts. He is wearing a pair of black sandals. He appears to have a dark and short hair, with a fair skin tone.
A slim girl, smiling and walking. She has a long dark hair and she is wearing a grey or blue colour cardigan with a pair of black colour pants. She is wearing grey colour shoes. She is holding a brown colour bag on her right shoulder, probably a leather bag.
It looks like a man holding some papers in his left hand. He appears to have a long dark hair and he is wearing a pair of grey shoes. He is wearing a black t-shirt with a pair of grey pants. He is carrying a black and white hand bag in his left shoulder.
A boy, probably in his late teens, holding a red and white backpack on his back. He has short hair and it is dark. He is wearing a black t-shirt with a pair of grey pants. He is wearing white colour shoes.
A very tall girl, slim build, might be in her early twenties, wearing a black colour t-shirt with the number 33 written on it. She is wearing a pair of blue colour shorts. She has short dark hair and she is wearing eye glasses. She is carrying a black backpack and She is holding something in her right hand, probably a mobile phone.
A man wearing sunglasses with short, dark hair, wearing a blue colour shirt with half sleeves and a pair of grey colour shorts. His right hand appears to be inside his right side pocket of his shorts.
A man wearing a multi-colour polo t-shirt. The t-shirt has horizontal lines on it with alternating colours like red, blue and white, with black stripes in between. He is wearing a pair of dark colour pants. His hair is short and black.
A teenage boy, probably a sports person, wearing a red polo t-shirt with a pair of black shorts. He has short hair and it is dark. He is holding his jacket in his left hand and is carrying a sling bag on his left shoulder. He is wearing grey or white shoes.
A man in his early twenties, with short brown or grey hair. He is wearing a red t-shirt with a pair of white shorts. He is wearing a pair of red shoes. He is holding a file under his right hand and he is holding a mobile phone in his left hand.
A tall man in his late twenties, wearing a pair of eye glasses. He is wearing a yellow t-shirt with a pair of dark colour pants. He is wearing a pair of white colour shoes. His hair is black and short.
An Asian woman in her middle twenties, wearing eye glasses and a watch on her left wrist. She is wearing a grey or white colour zipper coat with a pair of black colour shorts. She is carrying a shoulder bag on her right shoulder and is wearing white colour shoes.
A teenage girl with long dark hair and a fair skin tone. She appears to be an Asian. She is wearing a black t-shirt with a bicycle print on it. She is wearing a grey colour sweatshirt on her t-shirt and a pair of blue or grey shorts, with black shoes. She is holding a water bottle in her hands.
A man, appears to be smiling at something. He has dark short hair and he is wearing spectacles. He is wearing a black sweatshirt with full sleeves with a pair of grey or white colour pants.
A woman with short dark hair. She appears to be wearing a red colour tshirt with a heart print on it, with a pair of blue or dark colour jeans. She is wearing pink or red colour shoes.
A man holding some papers in his left hand. He has short dark hair and he is wearing a green and white polo t-shirt with horizontal stripes on it. He is wearing a pair of dark colour shorts. He is carrying a dark colour backpack.
A slim, tall man with dark short hair, wearing spectacles. He is wearing a grey or blue colour full sleeve shirt with a pair of dark grey pants. He is wearing white colour shoes. He is carrying a backpack that is black in colour.
A slim girl, appears to be tall with long black hair. She is wearing a red colour full sleeve top with a pair of black colour pants. She is wearing white or grey colour shoes, probably a canvas. She is holding a green or blue colour hand bag on her right shoulder.
A girl wearing a yellow sweat shirt with a pair of black colour pants. She has long dark hair. She appears to be fit and tall. She is is holding a red or orange colour bag on her left shoulder. She is wearing dark colour shoes.
An Asian man, appears to be tall and skinny, wearing spectacles. His hair is short and dark. He is wearing a full sleeve white shirt with a pair of dark colour pants. He is holding something in his right hand, probably a bag.
A man in his early twenties, wearing eye glasses. He has black hair and it is short. He is wearing a white tshirt with full sleeves with a pair of light colour pants. He is wearing light colour shoes. He has a black colour backpack on his back.
A man with slightly grey or brown, short hair, carrying a heavy backpack on his back. The backpack appears to be black or charcoal colour. He is wearing a red t-shirt with a pair of light colour pants or shorts.
This woman looks like she is tall and medium built, with dark long hair. She is wearing a dark or black colour top with full sleeves and a pair of dark colour pants. She is holding a red colour shoulder bag on her right shoulder. She is trying to look at something in the ground.
A woman in her late twenties, walking with her brown colour shoes. She appears to be wearing eye glasses and is speaking on her mobile phone. She is wearing a dark colour top with a pair of dark colour pants. She has a red colour hand bag on her right shoulder.
A medium build man, walking with dark colour slippers. He is wearing a grey colour sweatshirt with a pair of grey colour pants. He is holding something in his right hand, probably a pack of clothes.
This is a picture of a woman wearing spectacles. She has short hair and it is dark. She is wearing a white t-shirt and a beige colour coat on it. She is looking at the ground, walking forward.
A man in his white polo t-shirt and a pair of grey or beige colour pants. He has dark short hair and he is wearing a pair of light colour slippers.
A slim girl with a long dark hair, wearing a grey coloured full sleeve winter top with a pair of blue colour jeans. She is wearing a pair of light colour shoes. She has a backpack on her back and she is holding something with her hands.
A profile of a lean man, probably in his late twenties, he has his spectacles on and he is wearing a green t-shirt with a pair of grey colour jeans. He is wearing a pair of black colour shoes. He appears to be wearing a black colour watch on his left wrist and is carrying a black back pack.
A woman in her middle twenties, with dark long hair, wearing a blue shirt with a dark colour short skirt. She is wearing dark colour shoes. She is holding something in her right hand, looks like a bag.
A girl, probably in her early twenties, holding a shopping bag in her left hand and a red colour hand bag on her right shoulder. She appears to be slim and she has dark long hair. She is wearing a dark colour top with a pair of dark colour jeans.
A middle aged woman, should be in her late thirties, wearing a black colour t-shirt and a grey or blue colour sweatshirt with hoodie on it. She is wearing a pair of black colour pants and a pair of dark colour shoes. She is holding something like a purse in her right hand.
A man in his twenties walking with his green or grey shoes on. He has dark short hair, he is wearing a black colour shirt with a pair of dark colour pants. He appears to be trying to tie his watch while walking. He is having a backpack.
A woman wearing a black colour cardigan and pair of blue skinny jeans. She has long dark hair with a ponytail. She is wearing black shoes. She has a fair skin tone.
This is a picture of a girl, might be in her early twenties, with a long dark hair. She is wearing a white t-shirt with a pair of black pants. She is wearing pink or red colour shoes. She has a backpack on her back and she is holding something in her right hand.
A woman wearing blue colour jacket with full sleeves with a pair of dark colour pants. She has black short hair. She is wearing brown or red colour shoes. She appears to be skinny.
A girl in her winter wear, with a long brown winter fur top with long sleeves, with a pair of dark leggings. She is wearing eye glasses and has long dark hair. She is holding a backpack on her right shoulder. She is holding a water bottle in her left hand.
A woman, probably in her late thirties, with a long dark hair, untied. She is wearing a black and grey top with horizontal stripes with a black jacket on it. She is wearing a pair of grey or blue capri pants. She is wearing black colour shoes. She has a hand bag or a backpack on her left shoulder and she is holding something in her hand, probably a blue rain coat.
A teenage girl with dark long hair and fair skin tone. She is wearing a white t-shirt with dark colour shorts. She is wearing red or pink colour shoes. She is holding a hand bag on her right shoulder.
A guy with black and grey t-shirt and a pair of light colour pants or shorts. He has dark short hair and is wearing spectacles. He is carrying a backpack on his back.
A slim girl wearing white colour shirt and a pink colour coat on it with a pair of grey colour shorts. She is wearing white colour shoes. Her hair is dark and long. She is carrying a shoulder bag on her left shoulder.
A man wearing red t-shirt with yellow or white prints on it. He is wearing a pair of dark colour pants and white colour shoes. He has ear phones in his ears, appears to be connected from his mobile phone or music player in his right pant pocket. He is carrying a cross body bag on his right shoulder and his holding something in his left hand, probably a food pack.
A man in his big grey winter coat with a pair of grey coluor pants and grey colour shoes. He has dark short hair and he appears to be talking on the mobile phone using his left hand.
A girl in her early twenties or late teens, with long dark hair and wearing eye glasses. She is wearing a white t-shirt with a pink jacket on it with full sleeves. She wears a pair of black pants and white shoes. She is checking on her mobile phone using her right hand and is carrying a shoulder bag on her left shoulder.
A man wearing spectacles, with dark short hair. He is probably an Asian, wearing a yellow t-shirt with a pair of grey colour shorts or pants. He has a backpack on his back.
A middle aged man, with short and slightly grey hair holding his backpack on his left shoulder. He appears to be wearing a black t-shirt with a pair of grey cargo pants. He is wearing white shoes. He seems to be wearing a black watch or bracelet on his left wrist.
A medium build woman with blue or grey shirt and a pair of black pants and dark colour shoes. Her hair is short and black. She is holding a black shopping bag in her right hand.
A man with dark skin tone with dark short hair, standing with his black backpack on. He is wearing a white t-shirt with a pair of dark coloured jeans. He is probably an Asian.
A man carrying a big wide roll in his right hand and a big brown colour cross body bag on his left shoulder. He appears to be tall with dark short hair. He is wearing a blue or grey shirt wiht a pair of dark coloured pants and shoes.
A man with a medium build body, with dark and short hair. He is wearing a black t-shirt with a pair of grey shorts. He is wearing a pair of white Adidas shoes. He is holding a set of files in his right hand.
A medium build girl with dark long hair with a ponytail. She appears to be wearing a black colour tshirt with a pair of red colour shorts. She is wearing black colour boots. She is holding a black handbag on her right shoulder. She is holding something in her left hand, possibly a set of files.
Tall man walking with a black bag in his left hand, appears to be a laptop bag. His hair is short and dark and he is wearing a purple colour full sleeve shirt with a pair of blue colour jeans. He appears to be wearing eye-glasses and a pair of white colour sports shoes.
A boy, probably in his late teens, wearing spectacles. He has dark hair ant it is short. He is wearing a blue colour tshirt with a pair of dark colour pants and a pair of white colour shoes. He is holding and looking at something in his right hand, appears like a pen.
A boy with a set of books in his right hand, reading the book and walking. He has a wheatish skin tone with dark short hair. He is wearing a pink colour tshirt with a pair of blue jeans and slippers. He is carrying a black colour backpack.
A man appears to be standing and leaning on the wall, he has dark short hair. He is wearing a grey colour tshirt with a pair of dark colour shorts. He appears to be carrying a bag on his right shoulder.
A girl in her late teens, wearing a grey or green colour tshirt with a dark colour skirt. She has dark long hair and she appears to be wearing eye glasses. She wears white or grey colour shoes and is holding her green colour Winter jacket in her left arm. She seems to be checking her mobile phone using her right hand.
A teenage girl with her headphones on, walking straight. Her hair is dark and long with a ponytail. She is wearing a pair of dark colour pants and a black colour top. She is holding a book in her right arm and is wearing a pair of red colour shoes.
The picture has a tall girl, appears to be speaking on her mobile phone. She has a long hair and it is golden in colour. She is wearing a beige colour top with a pair of dark colour jeans. She is wearing white or golden colour shoes and is carrying a backpack on her back. There is something in her backpack, green in colour, probably a water bottle.
A person with short hair, and it is dark. He is probably an Asian, with fair skin tone. He is wearing a white colour tee with red and yellow prints on it. He is holding his jacket or something in his left hand. He wears a pair of dark colour pants and black colour shoes. He is holding his backpack.
A thin tall girl, with dark long hair. She has her green colour backpack on her back. She is wearing a white colour tshirt with a pair of brown or black colour pants. She is holding a handback on her right shoulder and is wearing dark colour shoes.
An Asian girl wearing spectacles, with long hair and it is dark. She is wearing a black colour top and a long brown skirt. She is holding a book in her right hand and is wearing dark colour shoes.
A profile of a slim man wearing a pair of beige colour pants and a grey colour jacket. His hair is short and dark. He is holding a book in his hand and a backpack on his back. He wears dark colour shoes.
A young man, probably in his early twenties. He is wearing spectacles and has dark and short hair. He is wearing a black or grey colour jacket with multi colour shorts. He appears to be wearing slippers and is carrying a backpack.
A girl with fair skin tone, she is tall and has medium build. She has dark and long hair. She is wearing a red colour shirt with a pair of black colour legging and black colour short skirt. She is carrying a white colour backpack.
A man in his early thirties, with a formal wear. He has dark hair. His hair is short. He is wearing a purple or violet colour shirt with a pair of black colour pants and a pair of black colour shoes. He is holding something like a book in his right arm.
Tall girl wearing a maroon or brown colour top with a pair of grey or blue colour jeans. She has a long, dark hair. She is wearing white colour shoes. She is holding a handbag on her right shoulder.
A woman with dark long hair, wearing a white colour tshirt and a pair of grey colour legging, with a black colour short skirt. Her tshirt has red or black colour horizontal stripes on it. She is wearing beige colour sandals and is carrying a handbag on her right shoulder and holding a purse in her left hand.
A man, who appears to be short, wearing a purple or pink colour shirt with a pair of white colour pants. He wears spectacles and a pair of black and white shoes. He is holding a magazine in his left hand.
A person with dark short hair, walking with his large white bag on his left shoulder. He is wearing a black shirt with full sleeves folded upto his elbow and a pair of blue jeans.
A medium build man, in his late twenties, with golden brown hair. His hair is short. He is wearing a grey colour jacket with a pair of blue or grey colour jeans. He wears a pair of white or grey colour shoes.
A tall boy in his late teens, walking in his white colour shoes. He is wearing a green colour tee with a pair of black colour pants. He appears to be wearing eye glasses. He is carrying a black colour backpack.
This is a picture of a lean tall girl with a long dark hair, wearing a pair of black pants and a orange or brown colour top. She is carrying a bunch of shopping bags and a black hand bag on her left shoulder. She is wearing brown colour high heel wedges.
A tall slim girl, walking fast with blue colour backpack on her back. She has dark long hair and is wearing a ponytail. She is wearing a pair of light colour pants and an olive colour polo tshirt.
The picture appears to be of a man in his early twenties talking and walking with his friend. He holds a black colour hand bag on his left shoulder and is wearing a watch on his left wrist. He is wearing a purple colour tshirt with a pair of black colour pants.
A boy in his mid teens, with his left hand on the back of his head, he appears to be wearing eye glasses and is carrying a yellow colour back pack. He is wearing a black and white tshirt with horizontal stripes on it. He wears a pair of blue or grey jeans with brown colour leather slippers.
A young boy with short dark hair, He is an Asian. He wears a blue and grey full sleeve jacket with a pair of black shorts. He is carrying a black colour backpack and is wearing a pair of black loafers.
Profile of a medium build girl, wearing a ponytail on her long dark hair. She is wearing a blue and white or grey jacket with a pink tee inside. She wears a pair of black leggings. She is holding a handbag on her left shoulder and is wearing a pair of red or black slippers. She is wearing eye glasses.
A slim tall girl with long dark hair, wearing a green or olive colour shirt with broad checks on it. She is wearing a pair of grey or green colour jeans with a pair of leather boots. She is carrying a blue colour backpack on her back. She is holding a jacket or something in her right arm and is checking on her mobile in her left.
A girl walking with her mobile phone on her left hand. She has dark hair, and it is long. She is wearing a grey or white colour jacket with a pair of black colour pants. She is holding a handbag on her left shoulder and is wearing white colour sandals. She is holding something in her right hand, probably a food pack.
A woman, medium built, wearing white colour tshirt with a pair of blue or grey colour jeans. She is wearing red or black shoes. She is carrying a small backpack that is beige in colour. Her hair is long and dark.
A boy in his early teens wearing a black and yellow colour jacket with a pair of brown colour pants. He is wearing spectacles, his hair is dark and short. He is carrying a black or grey colour backpack and is wearing a pair of white shoes.
A slim guy, probably in his early twenties or late teens, wearing a black colour full sleeve shirt with an orange or red colour hoodie. His sleeves are folded up to his elbow. He wears a pair of black colour pants and black shoes. He is having a black colour backpack.
A short and slim girl in her early twenties, walking and listening to music on her headphones. She is wearing a black tshirt with white collar and a pair of grey or blue jeans. She wears white or beige colour high heel wedges. She is carrying a backpack pink in colour.
The face of the girl in the image cannot be seen but, clearly, she is wearing a purple and white coloured striped jumper with a pair of black or denim coloured jeans. She has left her hair open that reaches the shoulder. She is seen carrying a grey to black shaded bag at the back. The entire outfit is complemented with a pair of converse shoes.
In this image, a girl is seen entering or exiting a building. She is slim and can be seen wearing a navy blue or purple coloured top with white jeans. The girl is probably holding a paper bag in her right hand and carrying an orange coloured bag on the shoulders. She has neatly tied up her hair in a ponytail.
The young man in the picture above is probably of Asian origin and can be seen wearing an orange hued zipper jacket with black coloured loose trousers or pyjamas. The young boy is passing across an advertisement board. He is carrying a small sling bag the stripes of which are crossing across his one shoulder.Apart from it, he is wearing white sports shoes.
We can see a woman with an athletic built walking in this image. She is seen clutching a white coloured notebook or book with her left hand to her chest. She is wearing black coloured micro shorts along with a full-sleeves black jacket. She has neatly tied up her hair probably with a bandana and is carrying a sky-blue colored bag on her back.
A young Asian man probably in his 20s with slim-built is standing at ease in the image. He is wearing dark blue or black shorts along with a white T-shirt. The informal shirt has something printed on it with green in the centre. Over it, he is seen wearing a red-black jacket over it. His hairs are short and trimmed.
A young man can be seen wearing grey or black polo shirt with a pair of probably dark shade jeans. He is wearing a wrist watch on his left hand and is probably entering or exiting a building. His entire look is complemented with a dark grey or black coloured baseball cap.
A man is probably talking to someone and the same can be concluded with his body language. He has folded his left hand completely that suggests probably he is explaining something to someone. So, this young man possibly in his 20s is wearing an informal pink T-shirt that has a green-coloured monster-like print on it. He has complemented it with dark grey trousers and probably a black bag on the back.
A slim man wearing spectacles can be seen walking with a bag on his right shoulder. He is wearing round-neck bottle green coloured T-shirt with beige trousers. Further, he is seen wearing white sports shoes. The young man is wearing a watch or a bracelet on his left wrist. He has black-coloured short hair.
A smart, young man is probably entering a building, holding a navy blue coloured book, textbook or a tab in his left hand. He is wearing half-sleeve black round-neck T-shirt with denim and white sports shoes. The man has black hair that covers his forehead.
A slim girl with is seen wearing a front-open sky-blue short jacket over black spaghetti top. She has complemented it either with a black or a blue jeans or trousers and probably a silver tote bag. Her dark black hair is left open that reach over to her shoulders. She is facing away from the camera.
The chic girl in the image above is reacting to something or probably talking to someone. Her left hand is on her face. She is flaunting a retro-inspired bangs with a pair of shades. She can be seen wearing black shorts with white V-neck shirt, tote bag hanging on the right shoulder and a long open jacket. The jacket has maroon and white checks.
This young man is walking towards the building and can be seen sporting a round shaped black coloured spectacles. He is wearing a sea-green polo shirt with black shorts and white sports shoes. The young man has a casual black bag over his shoulders and a black wrist watch on his left hand. He is holding a book or a folded newspaper in both of his hands.
The girl in the image is appearing gloomy or lost or just idly entering the premises. A broad round-neck black top with grey or black denim and a dark shade tote bag on her right arm forms her attire. The black sports shoes complement her look. She wears spectacles and her dark black hair is open with a centre-parting.
A petite young girl is busy reading something possibly on her cell phone. She is carrying a messenger bag on her right arm. She is wearing a blue denim short jacket. Underneath, there is either a dark colour top or she is wearing a long sweater with black stockings and dark brown boots.
Here, a young man is probably watching someone while walking. He is looking lost in his thoughts. The man is wearing black jeans, light shade round-neck shirt and grey hood jacket. Both of his hands are inside the jacket's pocket. The young man wears spectacles and has short black coloured hair. A black sling bag can be seen passing across the shoulder.
A woman is busy reading or scrolling something on her cell phone. The slim-built woman is probably carrying her jacket, textbook and a few loose papers in her left hand. On her right hand, there is a patterned tote bag. She wears spectacles. Here, she is wearing black and white striped top with jeans.
This slim, young man is wearing black casual shorts, white round-neck T-shirt and a front-open grey zipper jacket with dark coloured loafers. Something is printed on his white T-shirt. He is carrying a bag with black strap on his right arm. The man has short black hair and probably is of Asian origin.
The young boy seems to have injured himself and can be seen with a black coloured plaster on his right hand. A grey coloured plastered-strap goes across his neck. He is wearing check formal shirt with dark coloured jeans and sports shoes. He has short, trimmed black hair, is bespectacled and carrying a tote bag in his left hand.
A man is in his formal attire. He is wearing probably white or blue full sleeves collar shirt with black trousers and formal black shoes. Though he has folded his sleeves to reach his elbows on both sides. He is appearing to be speaking something to someone or calling out someone. He is bespectacled and has short black hair. He is carrying a rolled sheet of paper in his left hand.
A girl with a medium-profile can be seen here. Her hairs are straight and of medium length. She is looking down and her left hand is on her neck. She is probably carrying a bag. Her outfit comprises of a red coloured jumper, sleeveless open jacket and black jeans. She is seen wearing light coloured probably white ballerinas.
A short man with short hair is walking down the road. He is wearing purple coloured polo T-shirt buttoned to the top along with black loose-fit jeans and can be seen walking in this image. He is bespectacled and is carrying a black backpack on his right shoulder. He is wearing dark shade sports shoes.
The man in this image is young, medium-built and petite. He is wearing a white casual round-neck shirt and steel grey jeans with sports shoes. The white shirt has something embossed on it with green. He is wearing a black backpack on his shoulders and has possibly reached the first step of the staircase.
The man in the image adorns a white or possibly a grey jumper that has something printed on it with black. He is wearing black trousers or jeans with white sneakers. His hairs are short and neatly trimmed. He can be seen holding something light maybe a textbook or a file in his left hand.
A medium-built girl is seen walking along the path and is wearing a thigh-high black skirt with a black collared top along with slippers. She is wearing spectacles that have a wide band and carrying a tote bag on her right shoulders. With a side-parting, she has left her hair open that come over to the shoulder.
A slim, young, Asian girl is busy reading something on her cell phone. Both of her hands are occupied. She is carrying a brown leather messenger bag on her left shoulder. In the same hand, she has probably held something to drink. While on the right shoulder, she has a white tote bag and the cell phone. She is wearing a long formal red-white check shirt with a pair of blue denim and black formal shoes.
A slim girl in the image is walking hands-free carrying a black casual bag on her shoulders. She is seen wearing probably a 3/4 arm-length white polka collared shirt with a pair of black jeans. She is bespectacled. Her long hairs are flowing and reach down to touch her shoulders.
A slim girl dressed in black attire is seen flipping through the pages of her notebook. The black top is paired with a slim-fit black jeans. She is carrying a white and black polka dotted tote bag on her right shoulder. Her spectacles are black in colour and a broad dial black watch is on her left wrist. Her hairs are long and dark in colour.
A man with a heavy-built is walking in the opposite direction of the camera. Probably he is exiting the premises. He is wearing a black bag on his shoulders and a bold wrist watch in his right hand. He is completely dressed in dark shade clothes possibly in a black polo shirt and shorts with black sports shoes.
This man is seemingly in a rush. He is holding and possibly picking out something from his brown shoulder bag. He wears spectacles and is dressed in a blue shirt and light grey ankle-length pants. On top of the shirt, he is donning a vertically striped grey jacket. Towards, the bottom, red sneakers can be seen.
The bespectacled young lad is in a red jumper and black jeans or trousers. On the red jumper, a line with white and black can be seen running in the middle. He has both of his hands affixed to the wide strap of his black bag that he is carrying on his shoulders. His hairs are neatly trimmed and short.
A slim boy is walking in his comfy loosely-fit black baggy jeans and purple coloured zipper jacket. Under it, he is wearing a white-hued round-neck T-shirt. The boy is carrying a backpack across his shoulders that can be construed with the wide black straps. He wears spectacles and has black hair.
The young fellow is facing in the opposite direction of the camera. He is wearing a blue hood jacket along with a pair of black jeans. The inner tone of the hood is grey in colour. His little backpack is also black in colour. His skull is covered with dark black hair.
A girl with a short hair is walking at her own pace. She is slim in her profile and wearing a grey hood jumper with a black capris and pink sneakers. A white coloured wrist watch or a bracelet can be spotted on her left hand and she is holding something in her right hand as well, probably a notebook. A tote bag is at her right shoulders.
The youngster in this image is sporting white shorts, black V-neck T-shirt and grey jacket along with grey plain toe boots. He is holding a set of loose white sheets in his right hand and a black duffle bag in his left. His built is athletic and has black hair and he wears spectacles.
A young lady is walking wearing black jeans with the same coloured top. She is most probably teaming this up with a blue denim jacket and a tote bag. She has short bob bangs. It is unclear, but, there might be a glove in her left hand. She is probably complementing her attire with black boots.
A young adult is probably entering the building premises. He has a little long hair that is covering his face to the right end. He can be seen wearing glasses. So far his attire is concerned, he is wearing comfortable black jeans with a white shirt and zipper jacket that is somewhat both dark and light shade. He is also carrying a black bag on his shoulder.
A young person is walking wearing black and white sneakers, black shirt and light coloured shorts. The shirt has something printed on it with white colour. The shorts are possibly grey in colour. He is carrying a bag on his shoulders. The Asian lad in his 20s dons eyewear and a black coloured watch on his left wrist.
The miss in this photograph is walking with her friend and wearing a cool black top and light coloured shorts probably grey in colour. Her hair length is long and they are black in colour. She is seen wearing black round-framed spectacles and slippers. In her left hand, she is holding something which might be a file/folder or a book.
A youngster is walking with his hands inside the jean's pocket. The boot-cut jeans' is light in shade and he is teaming it up with a black coloured shirt. He is carrying bag across his shoulders and white sports shoes. It is unclear, though but, he might be wearing spectacles.
In the image above, a boy with check shirt over a white round-neck T-shirt can be seen walking. The checks on the shirt are navy blue, light blue and white in colour and it is paired with black shorts and black and white sneakers. He is wearing a watch in his left wrist and carrying a wide-strapped black bag across his shoulders.
The picture above features a young lad with spectacles and red sneakers. He is wearing beige coloured shorts and white or probably grey coloured shirt. Over it, he has put on the black formal shirt. In his left hand, a white wristwatch with round dial can be spotted. In his right hand, an object of red colour can be spotted. It might be a water bottle or something else. There is also a folder in the same hand.
A young boy in his early 20s with short hair can be seen walking down the road. He has put his left hand on the shirt over the stomach area. He is wearing a white shirt and black jeans. The white shirt has 'IA' printed on it. Apart from all this, he is carrying a black backpack.
That's a profile of a bespectacled girl donning a vertically striped black and white lined top. She is wearing it with a thigh-high skirt and black stockings. On the left arm, one can see her carrying a tote bag and she is carrying a notebook and black coloured file or folder in her right hand. She is also wearing watch or a bracelet in her left hand that is unclear. One can spot her wearing bow-shaped wedge sandals.
The lady here is facing in the opposite direction of the camera. She might be leaving the premises. The girl is slim, petite and has long dark black hairs. She is wearing a blue denim sort of a shirt with a pair of black jeans. Apart from that, she can be seen wearing an orange backpack and red converse/sneakers.
A young lad is walking freely and probably away from the camera as the spectators can see his back. He is seen wearing navy blue or black hood jacket and yellow shorts. Either there is something written in white on the jacket or it is the colour of the hood. He has short black hair and probably wearing flip flops.
A bespectacled young fellow is dressed in all cool colours. From head to toe, he is dressed in light hues. He is wearing a white shirt with off-white loose trousers along with a pair of white sports shoes. The things that are different from his white ensemble are his spectacles and the black bag that he is carrying.
A lady with shoulder-length dark hair with her back to the camera. She is wearing a black coat and jeans, either dark blue or dark grey and what looks like dark loafers. She has a large, light brown bag with a brown motive over her right shoulder and her left hand is in her trouser pocket.
A slightly overweight lady wearing ankle length skinny jeans in black, slightly rolled up at the ankle. She has light pumps on with a dark edge, possibly maroon, and a peachy pink long sleeve shirt hanging loose. Her hair is hanging just below her shoulder and dark brown of color.
A tall slim girl walking away from the camera, at a slight downhill angle, wearing a black poncho, with her black heir tucked into the collar, she seems to have a fringe. She is wearing a light grey top with black horizontal stripes over tight black trousers with dark pumps, possibly grey or copper colored.
A man with black-rimmed glasses and short black hair brushed to the left is walking slightly to the right with his back to the camera. He is wearing a black bomber jacket and black backpack with light brown cargo pants. His head is tilted a little to the right and his arms are swinging loosely at his sides.
A young man carrying a black briefcase in his right hand and a white folder in his left is climbing up some stairs towards the photographer. He has spiky black hair, close cropped on the sides, and is wearing a black tie, grey shirt, black sports coat and black pants. He is staring straight ahead and looking quite serious.
A slim, broad-shouldered man wearing a light blue, long-sleeved button-up shirt with an unbuttoned collar is climbing downstairs, away from the camera. He has very dark, short hair and is holding a black covered book in his right hand, while his left hand is in his trouser pocket. He is wearing beige pants and dark shoes, seemingly brown.
A person of unknown gender is walking away from the camera, possibly female, with shoulder-length black hair and a thick black jacket with a hood and red lining. The person is carrying a black and green backpack and wearing light colored pants, either light grey or light blue.
A slim lady with a tight, short black skirt and black long sleeved top is walking with her back to the camera, she is looking at something that she's holding in front of her, possibly a cell phone, carrying a large white sling bag with dark horizontal stripes over her left shoulder. She has long black hair and her legs are bare. She is wearing either flip-flops or flat sandals.
A serious looking man with wire-rimmed glasses is looking at the camera while briskly walking at a slightly uphill angle. He is dressed all in black, with a long sleeved sweater top with a white logo on the left of his chest, long pants and sneakers which are either slightly faded black or dark grey, with white laces. He has short black hair and has black straps over his shoulders, like those of a backpack.
A lady of medium build wearing black kitten heels and a light blue, bootleg jean is walking away from the camera while holding something to her ear, possibly a cell phone. She is wearing a knee-length black winter coat with a light colored sling bag, probably grey, hooked over her left forearm. She has shoulder length black hair curving a little outward at the tips.
A young man with short, dark brown unkempt hair is walking towards the camera, he is of slight build, wearing a blue t-shirt with a square black print on the front and seems to have a black backpack hooked over his shoulders. He is wearing dark baggy trousers, probably black.
A man of athletic build is walking, with his back to the photographer. He is wearing dark grey or black pants, slightly loose fitting, with a light colored button-up shirt, probably grey, with the sleeves rolled up halfway over his forearms. He seems to be wearing a watch on his left wrist and has shortish black hair.
Young man with short, tousled black hair and a white t-shirt is walking away from the camera, he has a large black backpack and is wearing beige trousers and dark shoes, either dark brown or black. He seems to be holding the backpack strap at the bottom with his right hand.
A slender man with large wire-rimmed glasses and neatly cut black hair is wearing a grey t-shirt with a black pull-over sweater, the sleeves are pulled up to his elbows and he's wearing jeans of a light color, either grey or light blue, with dark shoes, probably black. He is walking towards the camera and looking slightly to the left of the frame.
An athletic looking man wearing a short-sleeved polo shirt of dark coloring, either dark grey or black, is walking away from the camera. He appears to have a black strap over his right shoulder, has his left hand in his trouser pocket and is wearing dark trousers, seemingly a similar color to his shirt. He has short black hair.
A young, slim man with short black hair and a long fringe is walking toward the camera, he is wearing a long-sleeve button-up shirt with the collar button left open, the shirt is light blue. He has a black strap over his left shoulder, seemingly attached to a shoulder bag. He has a black jacket in his hand and is holding it in front of him with a bright blue folder under his left arm. He is wearing beige trousers and black and white sneakers.
A man with black hair, very short on the sides and back and longish at the top is walking toward the camera. He has a black backpack on his back, with one black and one light blue carry bag in his right hand. He is wearing a beige button-up shirt with no tie, long sleeves and left it un-tucked over black trousers and light colored shoes, possibly light grey. His left hand is in his trouser pocket.
A tall, slim man is looking down while walking towards the photographer. He has short black hair and a dark purple t-shirt, with dark jean, fashionably faded and black and white running shoes. He has black backpack straps over his shoulders and is clenching his right hand.
A lady with long, very dark hair is walking away from the camera, she is wearing a short-sleeved black blouse, a dark, knee-length shirt, possibly dark brown, and what appears to be light colored pumps. She has a large brown hand bag slung over her left arm.
A lady with black hair cut in a long Chinese bob style is extending her hand as if to hail a cab. She is wearing a pink hooded sweater top, purple skirt with black tights and grey or silver pumps. She has a brown bag over her right shoulder.
A skinny male with untidy, shortish dark hair and wire rimmed glasses is strolling toward the camera. His t-shirt is white and dark, possibly black with a large print on the front. He is carrying a black backpack and wearing light brown, baggy trousers and has his right hand in his trouser pocket.
A tall, thin man with short hair and glasses has his back to the camera as he is walking along, wearing a blue, short-sleeved button-up shirt and black trousers with light colored loafers, which might be either white or light grey. He is holding something in his right hand which could be keys or a cell phone and his shirt is hanging loose.
A lady standing with her back to the camera has her long black hair in a ponytail. She is wearing short dark shorts, probably dark blue in color, and a black long sleeved shirt with flaps on the sides. She has a white clutch under her left arm.
A stocky built man is looking downward with a serious expression as he walks toward the camera. He is wearing what seems to be a dark brown button-up shirt, no tie, and beige cargo trousers. He is holding something in his right hand and keeps his black hair short and neatly combed.
A young man with a red book in his left hand seems to be rushing somewhere, he is slim built, has a black sling bag over his shoulder and a wristwatch on his left arm. He is wearing a grey t-shirt and beige knee-length shorts with sneakers. His dark hair is worn spiky.
A skinny man with short black hair is walking towards the camera. He is wearing glasses with a thick, dark rim, a light checkered shirt, possibly white and grey or light blue, with buttons. His thick jacket has black trimmings, but is light with a square type pattern. He has black pants fitting loosely.
A slightly overweight lady with black shoulder-length hair facing away from the camera has a red backpack on her back. She is wearing a light green cardigan with long sleeves, a short, light brown skirt with white lacing at the bottom seam and white or silver pumps.
A young lady with dark brown hair and thick bangs is looking at the camera through round, dark-rimmed glasses. She is wearing a three-quarter sleeve top with black and grey horizontal striping, a light grey pullover dress with a black print in front, and black tights with white running shoes or sneakers.
A lady dressed all in black is facing away from the camera. Her dark hair, which could be either dark brown or black, is of medium length and hanging loosely across her back. She is wearing a loose fitting long sleeved shirt, a backpack which might be leather, with a white bauble on, tight-fitting pants and ankle boots.
A lady with thick black hair hanging halfway down her back is wearing a loose fitting tunic with long sleeves, the top half of the tunic has horizontal black or maroon and white stripes and the bottom half is plain black, or maroon. She is wearing tight white shorts with pink sneakers and ha a large, dark colored, maybe dark brown, shoulder back with a white strap over her right shoulder and is facing away from the camera.
A slim lady walking away from the camera is looking directly to her left, she has very dark hair in a short Cleopatra cut style, a beige woolly top with long sleeves and a hood, a black handbag over her left shoulder and tight fitting jeans of a dark color, either dark blue or black, and black plumps.
A young man with beige trousers, a long sleeved top with wide horizontal black and grey stripes and sleeves pulled up to his elbows is walking away form the camera with a black bag, slung across his shoulder, hanging against his back. He has short black hair with long side burns and glasses.
A skinny man, looking at what is possibly a cell phone in his hand, with short black hair is facing away form the camera. He is wearing a white or light grey striped button-up shirt with long sleeves and black trousers. He has a black backpack hanging low on his back.
A black haired man with a neat haircut and a black jacket with white stripes near the shoulder seams is walking away from the camera, carrying a white shopping bag in his right hand. He is wearing dark jeans, either dark grey or dark blue, and light colored sneakers, possibly white or light grey. His jacket has a small white logo on the back, directly under the collar.
A man with broad shoulders and very short black hair is walking away from the camera. He is wearing a formal black shirt with long sleeves and it seems like the collar is tightened. The shirt is hanging loosely over dark blue jeans and he's wearing black running shoes.
A skinny male with neatly cropped hair is walking away from the camera, holding his hands in front of him. He is wearing a light grey t-shirt, khaki trousers and is carrying a large black backpack with light grey markings on his back.
A slim female is slightly bent forward while walking uphill towards the camera. She has long black hair with the top half tied back and the rest hanging loose. She is wearing a very light sleeveless top, possibly cream colored with black trousers and copper looking pumps. She has a black handbag in her right hand and is holding something in her left, which looks like a piece of paper.
A young female with long black hair is walking towards the camera, she is wearing black tights with a black and white horizontally striped top, she has a cropped black and white motive top on over that with a light weather black long-sleeve coat. Her hair is tied out of her face, but hanging loosely over her shoulders.
An athletic looking male is walking away from the camera. He has short cropped hair and is wearing wire-rimmed glasses and white earphones. He has a long-sleeved maroon t-shirt, a grey, black and maroon backpack slung over his right shoulder, with long black trousers and black or dark grey shoes.
A man walking to the right of the picture, with short black hair, headphones and black-rimmed glasses. He is wearing a white t-shirt with a grey print on the chest, has something, presumably a bag, with a black strap slung diagonally across his right shoulder and torso. He has light brown trousers and a wristwatch on his left arm. His hands are tucked in his pockets.
A fat Asian man with short dark hair, fair skin tone, wearing black t-shirt with a pair of blue jeans. He appears to be wearing white or grey colour sports shoes.
Neatly dressed tall woman, who has dark hair, wearing a black colour full sleeve tee with a red colour short skirt. She wears black colour knee-length boots. She carries a black hand bag on her right shoulder. She wears a brown bracelet or watch on her left wrist.
A medium build man, walking with a black colour bag in his left hand. He is wearing a red and brown, checked full sleeve shirt with a pair of blue jeans. His shoes are white in colour. He has short hair and it is cut short.
A young boy, probably in his mid teens, wearing blue tshirt with a pair of black colour pants. He has short and dark hair. He carries a black colour bag on his back. He wears white colour shoes.
Photo of a young man, wearing pink tshirt and a pair of blue jeans. He looks like he is wearing white colour shoes. He carries a brown colour leather backpack. He may be checking his phone with his hands.
Looks like a man with short and dark hair, wearing blue colour tshirt with a pair of brown or black shorts. He is wearing dark colour shoes. He carries a black or dark blue colour backpack on his right shoulder.
A cute and short girl with long and dark hair, wearing grey and black jacket with a pair of black or some dark colour skirt, appears to be something like a uniform. She wears light colour shoes. She carries purple colour backpack.
A woman with a thin and long ponytail, with silky black hair, wearing dark colour sun glasses, walking with white colour headphones, hearing music. She wears blue colour long denim coat with dark colour pants.
A girl who appears to be talking on the mobile phone while she walks. She wears light colour top with a pair of dark colour pants. She has brown hair. She carries a black and grey backpack.
Medium build, young man, carrying something like a garment in his left hand as he walks, probably a jacket. He wears white tshirt with black colour trousers. He wears black and white shoes. He carries a grey and black big backpack on his back. His hair is short and black.
A tall and lean girl, with beautiful straight, black hair. Her hair is long. She wears white tshirt with colourful prints on it. She wears black colour jeans with a pair of black and white shoes. She carries a black shoulder bag on her right shoulder and a purple colour water bottle in her left hand.
A fat and plumpy woman whose face is not visible to the camera. She wears black sweater with long grey skirt. She wears black colour shoes. Her hair appears to be long and dark.
A guy walking with a set of papers in his hand, probably files. He wears a white polo tshirt with a grey jacket on top of it. He wears a pair of grey or beige trousers. He is wearing black and white shoes. His hair is dark and it appears to be short.
Young and fit guy, with dark and short hair, wearing full sleeve sweater with a pair of black and white shorts. He wears brown colour sandals. He carries a purple colour backpack on his back which doesn't appear to be too heavy.
A normal girl, whose hair appears to be long and dark, wearing red and black full sleeve long top with a pair of black leggings. She wears pink colour shoes and white colour socks. She carries a white colour backpack. She may be wearing eye glasses. There is a wrist watch in her left wrist.
A middle aged man, with medium build, with slightly grayed hair, wearing purple half sleeve shirt with some dark colour pants. He carries something in his right hand, probably a paper or a card. He wears dark colour shoes.
A nicely dressed woman with dark and long wavy hair, wearing brown or black full sleeve sweatshirt with a pair of blue jeans. She is wearing some dark colour shoes. She carries a black handbag on her right shoulder. She appears to be wearing a watch in her left hand.
A plumpy and tall girl, with straight silky and dark hair, wearing white tshirt with horizontal black lines printed on it. She wears black colour tights with black coloured short skirt on top of it. She carries red colour shoulder bag on her right shoulder. She holds something with her left hand which is not clearly visible.
Photo of a skinny man wearing brown shirt with a pair of white coloured trousers. He wears black and white shoes. He has short and dark hair. He carries a black bag on his right shoulder which has a long strap. He carries something in his left hand, probably a water bottle.
A young man walks while he holds a white or beige colour bag in his left arm. He has short hair and it is dark. He wears a dark colour full hand shirt with blue denim pants. He carries black and white backpack with printed designs on it.
This is a picture of a fat guy who has his hair cut short. His hair colour is black. He wears a grey or ash coloured jacket with hoodie on it with a pair of dark blue jeans and white colour shoes. He carries a cross body bag that is dark in colour.
A man who does not appear short but not so tall, wearing green tee with a pair of black colour trousers. He wears white colour shoes. He carries a black colour large backpack on his back. He has dark and short hair.
A tall and slim woman, with dark, straight and long hair, wearing some brown coloured shirt and a black coloured coat above that, with a pair of black colour straight pants. She wears grey coloured shoes.
This woman is walking fast with her headphones on while she hears some music or something and has kept her iPod or mobile phone inside her right side pant pocket. She wears olive or grey coloured full sleeve jacket with a pair of light grey coloured jeans. She wears black shoes with white lace and soles. Her hair is long and appears dark. She may be carrying a backpack on her back.
This is a young and tall man, probably smiling while he is walking with his friend. He wears a dark full sleeve tshirt with a pair of black jeans or pants. He wears black colour shoes and his shoulder bag on his left shoulder is black too. His hair is short and appears black.
A lean boy in his late teens, wearing white and black tshirt with horizontal lines in it. He wears a pair of blue jeans and dark colour sandals. His hair is brown and it looks short. He carries a yellow backpack.
Profile of a medium build person, wearing blue full sleeve tshirt with a pair of black coloured shorts. He has short and black hair. He wears a pair of dark colour slippers. His backpack appears to be purple in colour with pink or orange designs on it.
A slightly fat woman with black long hair with a ponytail on it, wearing a blue and ash coloured jacket with designs on it and she wears black coloured jeans. She carries a red bag on her left shoulder.
A nice, tall woman, wearing grey or green with white, checked full sleeve shirt with a pair of dark grey or black coloured jeans. She wears a pair of black coloured leather boots. She carries a black colour garment, probably her jacket on her right arm. She checks on her phone while she walks. Her hair is dark and long. She carries a green or blue backpack.
A cute and slim girl whose face is not perfectly visible on the camera, checking on her phone with her left hand. She wears some green colour top with white colour jacket on it. She is wearing black colour leggings with white colour high heeled sandals. She has long, dark, beautiful hair. She carries a bag on her right shoulder.
A woman with medium build, with wavy dark hair, wearing white colour, printed sweat jacket with a pair of blue skinny jeans. She wears white colour shoes. She carries a black colour backpack on her back. She appears to be wearing spectacles.
A very young man, probably in his early twenties, wearing green tshirt with white designs printed on it with a black and white jacket with a pair of dark coloured pants. He has short and dark hair. He carries a white and black bag in his right hand.
Skinny, tall person with dark colour framed Eye glasses. He is wearing a grey or charcoal coloured v-neck tea with a black and orange coloured jacket above that. He wears a pair of dark colour pants. He has short hair which is dark coloured.
A young man with a neat black haircut and round, thick-rimmed glasses is smiling as he walks towards the camera. He is wearing a light blue button-up shirt with a dark blue pocket, hanging loosely over light brown trousers and white and black sneakers. He is wearing a black jacket with white trimmings around the zip over the shirt.
A skinny male dressed in black corporate wear is walking away from the camera, looking to his left. He is wearing a very light shirt, possibly white, with a black sports coat and black trousers and shoes. His hair is black and kept short and tidy, and he is carrying a black backpack.
A young male with short, very dark hair is wearing a white t-shirt with large black print letters, knee-length shorts in a grey-scale, large checkered pattern and what looks like white skater shoes with dark laces. He has a wrist watch on his left arm and is looking at the camera.
A sporty looking man is looking at a cell phone in his right hand while walking away from the camera. He has short black hair, a dark colored golf shirt with short sleeves, either black or navy blue, with knee-length black shorts and brown shoes with ankle length socks.
A lady with black hair hanging over her shoulders has a large pink bag slung over her right shoulder, and is holding her cell phone in her right hand. She is wearing a white t-shirt with a dark blue, short dress over and white pumps. She is looking in the direction of the camera and has a black bracelet on her left wrist.
A tall skinny male, looking down at his cell phone, which is held in front of him with both hands, is walking in the direction of the camera. He has black hair and is wearing a light grey t-shirt with a dark grey print across the chest, with dark, tight-fitting trousers, either dark blue or black, and grey shoes.
A petite female with a pink t-shirt, light shorts with a pastel motive and brown flip flops is walking towards the camera. She has dark, medium length hair, wire-rimmed glasses and a large brown leather bag slung across her right shoulder. She seems to be holding something in her left hand, which might be a pink see-through water bottle.
A lady with medium-length black hair is holding a dark brown backpack in front of her with her left hand, while looking at the cell phone held in her right hand. She is wearing a peach colored, short sleeved shirt and matching shorts, with white and black sports shoes.
A man with a small frame and black hair is walking away from the camera while holding a black sports bag in his right hand. She is wearing a red button-up shirt which is not tucked in, with short sleeves and open collar, and light blue, loose fitting jeans with black and white running shoes.
A male is walking away from the camera. He has black hair, glasses and a maroon or dark purple backpack. He is wearing a burnt orange top with long sleeves and light blue jeans with black sneakers showing white soles. He seems to be looking intently at something ahead of him.
A thin young male with spiky black hair and a large black backpack is holding a cell phone in his right hand. He is walking away from the camera and is wearing a white, short-sleeved t-shirt and baggy dark grey trousers.
A tall, slim male seems to be looking for something in a black bag he is holding in front of him, while he is walking away from the camera. He has short, dark brown hair and glasses and there seems to be a lanyard with a dark strap around his neck. He is wearing a white button-up shirt with long sleeves which he didn't tuck in, matched with tight fitting black trousers and white and black sneakers.
A woman is walking away from the camera while holding onto the railing next to her with her right hand. Her hair is black and set in what seems to be an Afro style. She is wearing a black jacket with a cape and a pencil line black skirt in black.
A young, slightly overweight male is walking away from the camera wearing ankle length sneakers in white. He has knee-length light brown shorts on, paired with a white and light grey patterned hooded top with long sleeves and has short black hair.
A male with black hair, slightly longer than average is carrying a large black bag slung over his right shoulder. He is wearing a white t-shirt with short sleeves and dark knee-length shorts of dark coloring, probably black or dark brown. He is wearing light brown shoes and is walking away from the camera.
A tall, slim male with broad shoulders and very short, dark hair, either dark brown or black is walking away from the camera. It looks like he is wearing glasses, with a red t-shirt that has a light print on the back an knee-length trousers in a dark color, either dark blue or black, with flip flops. In his right hand he is carrying a white folder or file bag.
A male with his back to the camera is facing to his left, he has shortish black hair and a goatee. He is wearing brown hiking shoes and black knee-length shorts. His red t-shirt is sporting a lack and white paw print on the bottom right hand corner at the back.
A skinny male is walking towards the camera while looking down, he has spiky black hair and he is wearing a very light golf shirt, either white or light grey, he has a black backpack which is slung over his right shoulder.
A man with dark brown hair and a goatee is looking to his right as he walks away from the camera. He is wearing thick, dark-rimmed glasses and dark flip flops, possibly brown. He has a white golf shirt which was left hanging out, over dark baggy shorts, which could be either black or navy blue. In his right hand he is holding something that looks like a wallet.
A man facing away from the camera is standing with his right hand on his hip and left hanging loosely by his side. He is wearing white running shoes, black baggy shorts and a light grey t-shirt with glasses. His hair is black and he has a short beard.
A lady with short black hair is walking away from the camera, holding her hand high up behind her back. She is wearing a navy blue, long sleeved top with a hood and yellow cuffs, paired with beige ankle length trousers and either flip flops or sandals in a dark color, it might be black or dark brown.
A man with broad shoulders wearing a light grey t-shirt and beige knee-length trousers is walking away from the camera while looking to the right. His black hair is short at the back and spiky on top, and he's wearing glasses with a black frame.
A young, skinny man with a puzzled expression is looking at the camera, he has black backpack straps over his shoulders, with a white t-shirt with a large dark grey picture and slogan on the front. He is wearing dark grey or dark blue trousers with black shoes. He styles his black hair short at the sides and slightly longer at the top.
A lady with short black hair is wearing a black suit with the jacket buttoned and tight fitting pants, black pumps and a white or very light pink button-up shirt. She has something slung over her right shoulder, either a handbag or a laptop bag in black and is walking toward the camera. She seems to have a wristwatch on her left arm and might be wearing glasses.
A man with a gold wristwatch on his left arm is carrying a white and grey patterned umbrella in his left hand. He is wearing a grasshopper green golf shirt with dark trousers, either black or dark grey, with white and grey running shoes. He is walking towards the camera and has sunglasses on.
A lady is walking away with the camera, her black hair is tied back in a ponytail and he has a red hand bag hanging from her right shoulder. She is wearing black tight fitting trousers with black wedge-heel shoes and a black coat, paired with a shirt with a white collar. Her glasses have a black frame.
none
A slim man with white socks and black shoes is wearing tight black trousers and a dark blue or purple coat. He has short dark brown hair, a light brown bag with a black strap over his right shoulder and a black or dark grey bag, which looks like a shopping bag in his left hand.
A slim female with glasses and a black wrist watch on her left arm is looking at the camera. She is wearing a navy blue shirt, light grey or white shawl and tight fitting light blue jeans. She has a black bag over her right shoulder and has earphones in. Her black hair is tied back in a low ponytail.
A smiling girl is walking towards the camera, she has very dark hair, either brown or black, which is tied back in her neck. She is wearing a light, see through top and a greyish pullover with dark grey tights and white and black running shoes. She has light blue and black backpack straps over both shoulders, and is holding something in her hand, possibly a cell phone.
A skinny young man with tousled black hair and glasses is smiling in the direction of the camera. He is wearing a navy blue golf shirt, black wristwatch, very light trousers, either beige or light grey, with brown shoes. He has a black backpack with both straps over his shoulders.
A dark haired girl is looking at something in her hand as she's walking to the camera, probably a cell phone. She is clutching a paper to her chest with her left arm, on which she's wearing a wristwatch. She is wearing a short black dress with puffy white sleeves, paired with black stockings and pumps. Her hair is tucked behind her ears.
A skinny male is walking away from the camera, looking slightly downward. He has a dark brown t-shirt on with either black or navy blue trousers, possibly jeans. His hair is slightly longer than fashionable and in an untidy style.
A man with black hair and a light grey t-shirt with a black logo on the right side of the chest is looking at the camera through round glasses. He has a black strap as if for a bag over his right shoulder and is wearing knee-length black shorts and black and white running shoes.
A tall, thin youth is striding toward the camera carrying something maroon under his left arm. He is wearing a black t-shirt, dark grey trousers and black running shoes with white soles. His black hair is hanging just above his eyes and is carrying a black backpack.
A bored looking young man is walking towards the camera. He has black hair covering his ears, a blue t-shirt and black sweatpants with white stripes on the side. His t-shirt has a greenish print on the chest and his backpack's black straps are across both shoulders.
A skinny male with glasses is looking at the ground while walking, he seems to have something in his hand, which is in front of his chin. He is wearing a black short-sleeved t-shirt and black trousers. His left hand is hanging comfortably by his side.
A slim man with his black hair cut short at the back and kept hanging over his ears is looking away from the camera. He is wearing a white shirt with long sleeves and buttons done up to the collar, with black trousers.
A girl with medium-length hard brown hair is wearing a light grey cardigan and has a dark grey bag with silver sling over her right shoulder. She has a short, flaring black skirt, bare legs and copper colored high heeled shoes with ankle straps. Her hair tips are lighter than the rest of her hair.
A lady with short black hair and dark lipstick is walking towards the camera, wearing black crocs, a knee-length black skirt and a loose handing red top with a light grey coat hanging loosely. She is holding a stack of books in her left hand, pressed against her chest, and something light grey in her right hand.
A thing male with dark red hair and glasses looks at the camera. He is wearing a light blue, button-up shirt with the sleeves rolled up nearly to his elbows, and dark blue, bootleg jeans. He has a bag slung across his chest with the sling on his right and his left hand steadying the black bag on his left hand side.
A tall man with short black hair, worn spiky, is walking away from the camera. He has a red or brown button-up shirt with short sleeves and an open collar, tucked into dark grey or black trousers with white sneakers. His black shoulder bag with white pattern is hanging on his right.
A skinny man with short black hair and large glasses is looking down as he walks. He is wearing a grey golf shirt with black ribbing on the short sleeves and a black collar, as well as light blue shorts with a white string to tie around the waist. He has tattoos at the top of his right arm and on his left forearm, where he also wears his wristwatch.
A lady dressed all in black has her long black hair flung over her left shoulder. She has a handbag over her left shoulder, a coat with long sleeves and tight trousers. She seems to be looking at something that she's holding in front of her while she's walking away from the camera.
A lady with shoulder-length hair is looking at the shiny wristwatch she wears on her left arm. She has a bag carelessly flung over her right shoulder and is wearing a light blue button-up shirt with darker blue edging at the elbow length sleeves and collar, and her shirt is not tucked into the dark baggy trousers with extra pockets on the sides, it might be dark grey or dark brown.
An elderly man with short grey hair has a wristwatch with a black face and gold straps on his left wrist, and is holding a newspaper in his left hand. He is wearing a light grey golf shirt, darker grey trousers and black shoes as he is walking in the direction of the camera.
A slim male with longish, pitch black hair and sunglasses is walking towards the camera. He has a dark brown bag which might be made of leather hanging from his right shoulder and has a cell phone in his right hand. He's wearing a light blue golf shirt with a very dark collar, might be navy blue or black, paired with what looks like purple knee-length shorts and slip-on yellow and dark brown shoes.
A man with very short black hair and a black bag with white straps slung across his back is looking away from the camera. He is wearing black pants, a light grey shirt with long sleeves and buttons and a black tie.
A tall skinny male has his back to the camera. He has black hair, cut short, a black bracelet on his left wrist and a red t-shirt and has his black shoulder bag over his left shoulder, hanging diagonally so the bag is on his right. He is wearing loose-fitting light grey trousers and black shoes.
A stocky built young man with glasses and short, dark brown hair is walking up a slight incline. He is wearing a black t-shirt with a white print on the front, have light brown knee-length shorts and white skateboarding shoes with green laces. He is wearing a black wristwatch and glasses with a thin rim.
A man with thinning dark hair and a slight belly is walking towards the camera. He is wearing an olive green golf shirt with short sleeves, beige trousers and a black or brown belt, with shoes of the same dark color as the belt.
A tall slender male seems to be walking fast towards the camera while looking to his right. He is wearing a long-sleeved white button shirt with an open collar, hanging over very dark trousers, either black or dark grey, and white and black shoes.
A skinny female with long black hair hanging loosely over her shoulders is wearing sunglasses, a black t-shirt with a large, light print on the front, tight-fitting blue jeans and what seems to be pink shoes is looking to her left as she approaches the camera.
A skinny lady with long black hair and white sneakers is wearing blue, faded skinny jeans with a sleeveless pink top and shiny wristwatch on her left arm. She seems to have white backpack straps over her shoulders and is carrying something looking like a soda can in her right hand.
A person of unidentified gender is wearing all black, dressed in a t-shirt with long sleeves, pushed up to the elbows, tight bootleg trousers and white running shoes. While talking on the cell phone with their left hand, they seem to be carrying something in their right, probably a black briefcase.
A tall skinny male is walking up a slope towards the camera. He has short black hair and glasses, and is wearing a large red t-shirt with a white print on the front and baggy grey trousers reaching to his calves. He has white, ankle-length socks and white running shoes.
A thin young man is holding his hands in front of him, he has untidy black hair, light grey shirt with short sleeves and buttons, with the collar open, hanging un-tucked over a pair of light blue jeans, and he's wearing white or light grey running shoes.
A girl with a petite frame is walking towards the camera, looking slightly to her right. She is wearing a pink top with short sleeves, a layered denim skirt in various shades of blue and an over-sized handbag in earthy colors, including beige and olive, with light brown straps, which she is holding in front of her. She has short socks on with dark brown sandals. Her dark hair, probably very dark brown, is worn at shoulder-length.
A young man with glasses is carrying a white shopping bag in his right hand and a black bag strapped over his right shoulder. He has a white t-shirt on with a large grey-scale picture on the chest, along with red knee-length shorts and black and white sneakers. He has black hair which is cut short.
A man, walking away from the camera is carrying a black bag on his back and a white shopping bag in his right hand. He has short black hair and is dressed all in black, with a small white logo near his neck on his t-shirt and long trousers with white shoes.
A tall skinny man is wearing a white and brown checkered shirt, with rolled up sleeves. His shirt is not tucked in. He is wearing dark blue jeans and very light shoes, either white or beige. His black hair is cut short.
A slim man with his head thrown back to let his slightly long, black hair reach his shoulders is facing away from the camera. He is wearing a dark green t-shirt, black tight-fitting trousers and white shoes with black soles, and he's carrying keys in his right hand.
A man with dark flip flops and long black shorts and a light grey, long-sleeved top is looking to his right as he walks away from the camera with a black backpack on his back, with white lines near the zips. He has black hair which is short at the back and long enough on the sides to cover his ears.
A slender lady with her arms folded in front of her is looking straight at the camera, she has dark brown hair hanging over her shoulders, a black strap with a red bag attache hanging on her left shoulder an a light grey top with long sleeves hanging loosely over dark jeans, either dark blue or black, with fading, and black shoes with white tips.
A young man with short black hair is looking downwards, he has thin rimmed glasses, a silvery wristwatch on his left arm and a black backpack over his shoulders. He is wearing a white t-shirt with black writing on the chest and black ribbing around the neck and short sleeves, with a dark blue jean and black shoes.
A thing young man has his right hand to his mouth as he's walking towards the camera. He is wearing a blue t-shirt with a black strap diagonally across his chest from his right shoulder, ending in a black bag on his left hip. He has light grey trousers and light shoes, which might be grey. His black hair is nearly hanging in his eyes.
A tall skinny man with his dark hair very short at the back and hanging over his eyes is carrying a beige and black bag over his left shoulder. He's wearing a light grey, loose hanging top with a cape and dark brown trousers with white and brown shoes.
A man with broad shoulders and short black hair is walking away from the camera, looking slightly to his right. He is wearing a red t-shirt, black trousers with extra pockets and white and black running shoes. On his back he has a light brown bag with dark brown straps and trimmings.
A lady with white shoes with black soles and denim like tights is wearing a light grey t-shirt, a black backpack and a black wristwatch on her left arm, she seems to be looking at something that she's holding in her right hand, possibly a cell phone and has dark brown hair in a shoulder-length style.
A thin male with a black and grey backpack is facing away from the camera. He has short black hair, a black shirt with short sleeves, an open collar and buttons, and grey trousers paired with light colored shoes, either white or light grey.
A tall man with large white skateboarding shoes is wearing faded blue jeans and a short sleeved white button-up shirt that has a black seam at the bottom. He has short dark brown hair and is holding something on either side of his hips, almost looking like someone's hands.
A woman with short bob hair of a dark color, presumably black, has her arms folded in front of her stomach and is looking over her left shoulder while walking towards the camera. She is wearing thin-rimmed glasses, a white t-shirt with a bluish print on the front, long beige trousers and white running shoes with black soles.
A man appears to be nearly jogging towards the camera. He combs his short black hair to the right and is wearing white tennis shoes and dark grey trousers. His golf shirt has a black collar and seems to be patterned in light green, orange and yellow.
A tall young boy is carrying a large black bag on his back, wearing a white t-shirt with an intricate grey-scale and red print on the front and baggy beige trousers with white running shoes. He has a black wristwatch and he wears his black hair short.
A young boy with glasses and neat black hair is focusing on something in front of him as he's walking. He has a black bag slung across his shoulder and chest and is wearing a bright yellow t-shirt with a black logo on the left of his chest and grey trousers with slightly flaring bottoms.
A very skinny boy is walking away from the camera. He has black skateboarding shoes, knee-length, baggy black short and a black t-shirt with a white print on the upper back. He has either a black bracelet or a wristwatch on his left arm and keeps his black hair neatly cut.
A slightly chubby young man with a dark purple shirt with a white circular print on the chest is walking toward the camera, looking bored. He has black-rimmed glasses, short black hair and a black bag slung over his shoulder and chest. He's wearing very dark brown or black long shorts with black and white running shoes and is holding something white that looks like a piece of paper in his right hand.
A tall man is looking down while giving long strides towards the camera. He is wearing black dress shoes, black trousers and a crisp white button-up shirt with long sleeves and the collar button undone. He has glasses on and has neat, short black hair.
A young man wearing a pink golf shirt is laughing at something to his left while walking away from the camera. He is wearing faded black trousers and grey shoes with white soles, has sunglasses on and keeps his black hair neat and shortly cut. He has his left thumb hooked into his back pocket and the right hand is swinging by his side.
A skinny youth with spiky black hair is looking slightly towards his right. He is wearing a black button-up shirt with a white and grey blocked pattern and tight fitting black trousers. He has black sneakers with white soles on and is walking away from the camera.
A young man with his dark hair, possibly black or dark brown, combed to the right and hanging almost over his eye, is looking at his cell phone, which he's holding in his left hand. He is wearing a maroon golf shirt with the collar folded up to cover his neck, black trousers and black shoes.
A girl with dark brown hair with red tips is wearing black pumps, black tights and a loose hanging short black dress with short sleeves. She has a black and white patterned backpack on her back. She seems to be holding something in her left hand, which is in front of her chest as she's walking away from the camera.
A young male with medium length black hair wearing an ivy green shirt that's a loose fit for body breathing and black jeans that are a straight leg fit that provides easy movement also with a pair of black walking shoes which gives the whole foot a comfortable step as it touches the ground with each step.
A picture of a tall, thin male, probably young, with black hair and dressed all in black except for his white shoes with black soles. His trousers fit snugly and a jacket that looks like it is made from leather. He has a black bag in his let hand and is caryying a backpack in black and various shades of purple.
A man with black hair is walking towards the camera. He is wearing a black t-shirt with a print on the shirt that looks like it might be o a lighthouse, with black trousers and black and white sneakers. His black backpack is slung over his right shoulder and he has a wristwatch on his right hand and it seems like he has a tattoo on the inside of his left forearm.
A picture of a gangling youth looking at the camera through small round wire-rimmed glasses. He has mustard yellow backpack straps, an overly large light grey t-shirt with a black, white and brown motive and light brown trousers with extra pockets on the outer thighs. He is wearing black shoes and his hair seems unkempt.
A slim girl with her long black hair tied back in a ponytail has her hands in the pockets of her black jacket, which has white writing on the back. He has a big light brown bag on her right shoulder and has tight white trousers that reach to mid-calve and silver colored pumps.
A picture of what looks like a young girl with something dark around her right hand and wrist is looking at her feet as she stands with her back to this viewpoint. She is wearing a light blue hooded sweatshirt with short sleeves, black trousers and black shoes. Her dark brown hair is pulled back in a ponytail and her hairband is very light, possibly pink.
A broad-shouldered man with short black hair is sporting a white t-shirt, and it looks like he has a dark top slung over his left shoulder. His trousers are very dark, black or navy blue, with the bottom rolled up slightly and black shoes.
A lady with white shoes and black trousers is walking away from the camera. She has a flowing white top with short sleeves on and her long black hair is divided in three, one part hanging down her back and the other two over her shoulders to the front. It looks like she is holding a cell phone in her right hand.
The image shows a tall man, possibly quite young, with short black hair wearing a yellow t-shirt with a white pattern on the back, a pair of black knee-length shorts and blue running shoes with white soles. He's carrying something in his right hand, possibly keys or a wallet.
A lady with bear legs peeking out from a short red shirt and ending in very light, flat soled shoes is walking away from the camera and looking to her left. her long black hair is tied back with a white hairband, she's wearing a white top with short sleeves and is carrying something white in her left hand.
A young man wearing a black and grey cap is walking away from the camera. He is wearing a dark blue or purple t-shirt with very baggy black trousers and black shoes. He is carrying a black backpack, which is hanging low on his back.
A teenage girl with short hair, wearing blue denim shirt with black colour pants and black or grey shoes. She carries a black colour bag in her right hand and a beige colour backpack.
A short guy, probably in his early twenties, wearing something like a cap on his head. He wears grey or ash colour jacket with a pair of white shorts. He wears grey colour shoes. He has a black backpack on his back.
A neatly dressed girl with short hair, checking her mobile phone while she walks. She wears ash colour jacket with pink hoodie with a pair of black or grey capris. She is wearing pink colour loafers. She carries a white or beige coloured handbag on her right shoulder.
A guy in his early twenties, wearing blue jerkin with a pair of blue or grey jeans. He is wearing white shoes. His hair is cut short and is dark. He carries a dark colour backpack.
Profile of a medium build man, with dark hair, wearing purple colour shirt with a pair of grey trousers and black shoes. He carries a black colour bag on his back and his hair is short.
An average man with black coloured hair, wearing red full sleeve shirt with black colour trousers. He wears white colour shoes. He carries blue and black backpack on his back. His hair is short.
A young and short girl with short and dark hair, wearing an ash colour horizontally striped jacket with a pair of beige colour pants. She wears red or brown colour shoes. She may be carrying a bag on her left shoulder.
A fat and flabby man, wearing black polo tshirt with a pair of black cargo shorts and black shoes. He wears ash or grey colour socks. He has short and dark hair. He is carrying a backpack which is also black in colour. He appears to be wearing a watch in his left wrist.
A young girl with brown long hair, wearing some black top with a pair of black jeans. She is wearing black colour shoes with white soles. She carries a white handbag on her right shoulder. The handbag has black colour polka dots on it. She is holding something like a paper in her right hand.
A girl with black hair, wearing white top with a pair of dark colour jeans and dark colour shoes. She carries a red colour backpack with yellow colour designs on it.
An elegantly dressed girl with a long ponytail. Her hair is silky and brown. She is checking on her phone while she is walking. She wears a red and black checked full sleeve shirt and a pair of blue skinny jeans. She wears black or brown leather boots. She carries a brown or black shoulder bag on her left shoulder and a white shopping bag on her right shoulder.
Looks like a young boy, in his mid teens, walking with a small girl. He wears spectacles, he is wearing a black colour jacket with a pair of yellow shorts. He wears some light colour slippers.
A tall guy with very short hair, walking with his hands inside his pant pockets. He wears white full sleeve tee with dark colour jeans. He wears white shoes. His hair is dark in colour.
This photo appears to be of a girl who has tied her long hair with a clip or something. She wears a white tshirt with a pair of blue jeans. She wears some grey or white colour shoes. She carries a grey with yellow colour backpack. She is not facing the camera.
A young man, in his early twenties wearing purple colour polo tee with a pair of grey or black pants. His hair appears dark and short. He wears some light colour shoes. He carries a black colour back pack with shades of red on it.
A chic girl, with long, brown, silky hair, wearing red or maroon top with a pair of dark coloured skinny jeans. She wears some light colour flat shoes. She carries a black colour shoulder bag on her right shoulder.
A tall man dressed up in formal wear, wearing white shirt with a pair of black trousers and black formal shoes. He has short dark hair. He appears to be carrying like a roll of papers or files in his left hand and is adjusting his shirt with his right hand.
A man with dark and short hair, who appears slim, has his right arm injured and he is wearing a blue or black arm brace. He is wearing a blue and white or purple and white shirt with a pair of dark colour pants. He wears dark colour shoes. He appears to be wearing eye glasses and is carrying a brown coloured bag with his right arm.
Profile of a lean man, wearing some grey shirt or jacket with a pair of black shorts. He wears some dark slippers. His hair appears dark and short. He carries a black colour bag on his back holding it with his right hand.
A perfectly fit girl, in her early twenties, walking while she checks on her mobile phone. She wears a black and white top with horizontal stripes on it. She wears a pair of black denim pants. She is wearing black flat shoes. She carries a shoulder bag on her right shoulder that has the theme of the flag of United Kingdom.
A tall man, probably in his late twenties, walking with his hands inside the pocket of his jacket. He wears dark framed eye glasses, he has dark short hair. He wears ash coloured hoodie jacket and a pair of grey jeans. He wears black colour shoes. he carries a grey or green colour cross body bag on his left shoulder.
A girl with a nice short pony tail with dark hair, walks while she checks her smartphone with her left hand. She wears a brown top with a denim coat upon that and a pair of black leggings and red shoes. She carries a red or brown handbag on her right shoulder.
A shapely woman, probably in her early twenties, with straight, brown hair. She wears a grey or some dark colour top with a pair of grey or black leggings and a pair of black adidas shoes. She carries a dark blue or black shoulder bag on her right shoulder.
A man walking and looking at something. He wears green tshirt with a pair of dark colour shorts. He wears grey colour shoes. He carries a red backpack on his back and a newspaper or magazine in his right hand. He is wearing a black colour watch on his left wrist.
A cute and short girl, wearing red or pink and white shirt with checks or thick stripes on it. She wears mini shorts in dark colour, and a pair of black shoes. She carries a pink and white shoulder bag on her right shoulder. She has dark straight hair.
A short woman, with wavy black hair, wearing white shirt with black designs on it with a pair of black pants. She wears black colour shoes. She is carrying a beige or tan coloured leather shoulder bag on her right shoulder.
Photo of a medium build guy with short and dark hairstyle, he wears a black colour tshirt with a pair of grey pants. His shoes appear grey in colour. He carries a black backpack and a blue file or book on his left arm.
A very thin boy, looks really unhealthy, with dark and short hair. He wears green tee with a pair of beige or pale brown pants. He wears white colour shoes. He carries purple or dark pink colour bag on his right shoulder. He is wearing something like a watch in his left wrist.
A fit man, wearing pink tshirt with a pair of grey jeans and dark colour shoes. He appears to have a mushroom shaped hair cut and his hair is dark. He carries a black or dark blue bag on his back.
A short man wearing black colour cap on his head. He appears to have black hair and it is short above his neck level. He wears a grey colour half sleeve shirt with a pair of blue jeans. He wears black colour shoes and he carries black or green colour backpack.
A slim build guy with dark and short hair, carrying a black colour backpack and wearing dark colour slippers. He wears a black or charcoal coloured jacket with a pair of same coloured shorts. He has his right hand inside the pocket of his shorts.
Appears to be a girl with short hair, wearing black rain jacket with a pair of denim shorts. She wears black or green shoes. She carries a black and green backpack.
A person with short, dark hair, wearing orange colour full hand shirt with a pair of dark colour, probably brown pants. He carries a white colour shoulder bag on his right shoulder.
A young girl, who appears to be fit and lean, wearing spectacles. She appears to have smooth long hair, and her hair is black. She wears grey, black and white coloured full sleeve jacket with stripes going from left to right. She wears dark coloured jeans and black shoes. She carries something like a black coloured backpack on her back.
A slim and cute girl, with long dark straight hair, wearing dark colour framed eye glasses. She is wearing black or grey coloured jacket with horizontal stripes on it. Her pants are grey or blue in colour. She wears black shoes with white laces. She carries dark colour backpack.
This person wears green tshirt with white letters printed on it with a pair of white shorts with dark coloured horizontal lines on it. This person wears blue or black colour shoes with white soles, probably a canvas. This person is carrying a red colour bag, probably trying to put a book inside it or trying to take a book outside the bag. It looks like the person is wearing a green bracelet in the right wrist. This person has a short dark hair.
A tall man wearing spectacles with black frames. He has dark and short hair. He wears ash coloured jacket with a pair of ash colour jeans. He carries a green and yellow bag on his back. He is carrying an ash coloured bag in his right hand.
A young boy who appears with black colour hair, wearing black hoodie jacket with a pair of grey or blue jeans. He appears to be wearing black coloured Adidas shoes. He carries a black coloured bag on his right shoulder.
A slim, not so tall and not so tall guy, with dark and short hair, wearing white or some pale colour tshirt with a pair of grey trousers. His shoes are black in colour with a tick in it, probably Nike. He carries a black or navy backpack.
A slim, young and well dressed woman, wearing brown or grey jacket with a pair of grey jeans and black and red shoes. Her shoes have three stripes on it which says they are from Adidas. She carries a white colour bag on her right shoulder. Her hair is short and dark.
A fat guy, with dark hair, wearing white coloured polo tshirt with dark colour horizontal stripes on it. He wears black colour shorts with white colour vertical stripes on the sides. He is wearing some dark colour shoes with yellow or green laces, and white colour socks. He is carrying a dark colour backpack on his back.
A man in his early thirties walking wearing a blue or white shirt with a pair of beige colour trousers. He carries a black colour bag in his right arm. And he appears to be carrying a bag on his left shoulder too. He wears brown or beige colour slippers.
A girl with long dark hair, wearing some white and yellow mixed top with a black jacket on it. She wears black jeans and white shoes. She carries a shoulder bag on her right shoulder, the bag has three colour thick stripes on it, which are orange, white and pink.
A slim, young girl, probably in her late teens or early 20s, looking at something down. She holds a white colour cone like paper with her right hand. She wears a grey colour cardigan with a pair of black tight pants. Her shoes are brown in colour. She carries a white shopping bag with black prints on it on her right shoulder.
A tall man, with average build, walking with his sunglasses on, his hair is dark and short. He wears a pink colour checked full sleeve shirt with a pair of blue or grey jeans. He carries an olive or grey colour cross body bag on his left shoulder. His shoes are red or pink and black in colour.
A beautiful young girl with dark and long hair, appears to be plaited. She wears white top with dark colour waist belt, and a pair of black leggings. She wears brown colour wedges. Her face is not visible to the camera.
A short flabby man with dark long hair, with spectacles, wearing blue colour full sleeve shirt with sleeves rolled up to his elbow. He wears dark or black colour jeans. His shoes are dark. He carries a white colour shopping bag in his right arm.
Girl in her early twenties who wears a green shirt or jacket with grey or black capris. She has long straight hair which is black in colour. she carries a black and white shoulder bag on her left shoulder. She wears a pair of red colour slippers.
This appears to be a girl wearing a quilted red zipper with hoodie and black colour leggings. She wears red or maroon shoes. She carries a black or brown backpack. She has a poppy hair cut and the hair is dark.
A fat woman wearing black long top with a pair of black leggings or stockings with black shoes. Her hair is dark brown in colour and long. She carries a beige or white colour handbag on her left shoulder. She is holding a long stick like something in her right hand, possibly a cricket bat.
A young girl, appears to be talking on her mobile phone while she walks. She wears white top with grey or black shorts. She wears red colour flat slippers. Her hair is long and black. She carries a purple colour bag on her left shoulder.
A boy in his late teens, wearing spectacles, with dark short hair, wearing blue colour tee shirt with black colour pants and black colour shoes with white soles. He carries a black colour bag on his right shoulder and a red colour bag on his left shoulder.
This is a young guy who is wearing red tee with a pair of white colour shorts. His slippers are white and black in colour. His hair is cut short and black in colour. He is not facing the camera.
A school boy, with golden brown hair, walking with his red colour backpack. He wears grey colour hoodie jacket with a pair of blue jeans. His shoes are orange in colour. He wears something like a bracelet in his right wrist.
A man in his middle age, should be in his forties, with slightly grayed out hair, wearing a white full sleeve shirt with grey colour trousers. His shoes are not visible. He carries a black or some dark colour bag in his left arm.
A man carrying a black bag on his right shoulder with the straps across his body. He wears white shirt with a pair of beige pants. His shoes are also white in colour. His hair appears short and dark. he carries a polythene bag in his right hand, possibly a food bag.
A young boy, probably in his early twenties, wearing white shirt with his sleeves rolled up to his elbow. He is wearing dark colour jeans. He wears brown or red colour shoes. His hair is short and it appears black. He carries a grey backpack on his back.
A man, who appears to be smiling, has short dark hair and fair skin tone. He wears white colour tee with a pair of white shorts. he wears brown or black adidas shoes. He carries a brown backpack on his back.
A young woman with silky smooth brown coloured hair, probably returning after shopping, wearing a black colour top with a pair of grey colour pants. She carries a black shopping bag in her right hand.
A teenage girl, facing the camera while she walks. Her shirt is a full sleeve checked shirt with purple or blue colour. She wears blue jeans and brown shoes. She may be carrying a backpack. She looks like she wears eye glasses.
A man looking at something while he walks. He has short hairstyle and his hair looks black. He wears a black or brown tshirt with yellow or orange colour pants. He is wearing a pair of white colour Nike shoes. He carries a black backpack.
This is a picture of a girl, in her early twenties, with not so short and dark hair. She wears purple colour coat and dark colour skinny jeans. Her shoes appear to be black and white in colour and she carries a green colour bag on her left shoulder.
Image of a girl carrying a bright pink backpack with black bottom. Her hair is long, dark and silky straight. She wears a clip on top of her hair. She is wearing grey colour coat with a pair of dark colour capri pants. Her shoes are maroon and white in colour.
A girl walking with short and dark hair, wearing a red and white checked full sleeve shirt with a pair of blue or black jeans. She wears white colour shoes, probably a nike. She carries a sling bag on her left shoulder, which is green in colour. Her face is totally not visible to the camera.
Picture of a man wearing blue tshirt with a pair of grey cargo pants. He wears dark colour slippers. His hair is short. He holds something like a jacket with his right arm. He carries a white colour shopping bag with black colour print on it on his right shoulder.
A guy possibly studying in a college, with black short hair, wearing a white and black full sleeve shirt with checked designs on it. His sleeves are folded up to his elbow. He wears a pair of blue or grey jeans. He carries a black colour bag on his back. His shoes are white and they appear to be Nike.
A middle aged man, probably around his forties, wearing eye glasses, a white colour full sleeve polo with pink collars. He wears a pair of grey or black trousers. He carries a black backpack. His hairstyle appears to be short and his hair is dark.
A very tall man, with very short hair, wearing a red colour tee with a pair of grey shorts. His shoes look like they are of some dark colour. He carries a black colour bag on his back which has something in green inserted into it, possibly a water bottle. He is facing the camera while he walks.
A boy in his teenage with short dark hair, wearing green colour hoodie jacket with a pair of dark colour pants and white colour shoes. He carries a red and black backpack.
A man in his early forties, with half bald hair, wearing a white half sleeve shirt with a pair of beige or off-white trousers. He wears a dark colour waist belt. His shoes are black or brown in colour. His hair colour is black.
A tall guy with dark hair, with a short hairstyle. He wears a brown or grey colour polo tshirt with the numbers 72 written on it. He wears a pair of beige shorts. His shoes are white or grey. He carries a black or brown cross body bag.
A man in his late twenties or early thirties, wearing green colour tshirt with white sleeves. His pants are dark in colour. He carries a black or some dark colour bag on his back. He looks like he is wearing eye glasses. His hair is black and short. His shoes are white or grey in colour.
A tall man, walking and looking at something with curiosity. He is wearing a charcoal or brown coloured full sleeve tshirt with a pair of blue jeans. His tshirt has pink or red designs on it. He carries a black colour backpack and he wears black or grey colour shoes. His hair is black and is cut short.
Photo of a girl wearing red colour cardigan with blue denim pants. She wears black colour flat slippers. She has long black hair. She carries a red or brown colour backpack. She is holding a set of files or books in her left arm.
A lean woman, probably in her late twenties, walking in her black and red colour shoes. She wears a white and grey long top with a pair of black leggings. She carries a black handbag on her right shoulder. Her hair is short and dark.
This is a picture of a young woman, with long silky hair, wearing multi colour jacket, with colours like green, grey, black etc with thick horizontal stripes on it. She wears light blue jeans. Her shoes are white, probably Puma. She carries a white and red colour handbag on her right shoulder. She wears glasses for her yes and is facing the camera.
A skinny guy, looking tall and pale, with short hair, wearing brown colour sweater or sweatshirt with a pair of dark colour trousers. His shoes are black or brown in colour. He carries a black colour backpack on his back. He is holding a red colour cloth or garment in his right hand. He appears to be wearing eye glasses.
A tall boy wearing spectacles. He has dark hair and his hair is short. He wears a white colour jacket with purple or pink colour designs on it. He wears a pair of black shorts and white and black slippers.
Picture of a medium build man, checking time on his watch which is tied on his left wrist. He has short dark hair. He wears a beige or light brown colour coat with a pair of grey jeans or trousers. He carries a grey and red back pack and something like a file or book in his right hand. His shoes are grey or black. He wears eye glasses.
A man dressed in full black, wearing black rain jacket with a pair of black pants and black shoes. He carries a black colour bag in his right hand. His hair is black in colour and it is short.
A teenage girl in her green colour cardigan with a pair of pale green capri pants. she carries a black colour shoulder bag on her left shoulder. She has a beautiful hair, looks black and long. Her shoes look golden or yellow.
A tall man wearing a long beige or light brown coat with a pair of blue jeans. He carries a black and grey colour back pack. He has dark hair and fair skin tone. He is looking at the floor.
A tall boy wearing blue tee with a pair of grey 3/4 shorts. He wears blue colour shoes with green colour tick on it, which means it is Nike. He carries a white or yellow colour backpack. He has short dark hair.
A medium build man, wearing grey or green with white full sleeve shirt with checks on it. He wears beige colour pants. He carries a black shoulder bag on his left shoulder. He appears to be wearing eye glasses. His hair is dark and short.
A lean man, possibly an Asian with dark hair, wearing black tshirt with a pair of grey or green pants. His shoes are black. He carries a black cross body bag.
A fit man with short hair, wearing brown or black tee with beige or pale white colour pants. He carries a black cross body shoulder bag on his right shoulder. His shoes are black with green soles.
An Asian in his early thirties, wearing red colour hoodie jacket, with a pair of blue denims. He wears black shoes. He wears spectacles. He carries a white polythene bag, probably a food bag.
A man, who appears to be tall with short hair, wearing a black jacket with a pair of beige trousers. He carries a white shopping bag with black prints on it. He carries a black colour big backpack. His shoes look white in colour.
This photo is of a man who has short dark hair and is wearing glasses. He wears a white shirt with a blue sweater on it. He wears a pair of grey trousers. He carries a grey colour bag on his right shoulder and a dark colour bag on his left shoulder. His shoes are black.
A young girl with long brown hair, wearing a full sleeve black tee with white colour horizontal stripes on it. She wears a pair of blue jeans. She wears white shoes. She carries a brown colour backpack.
A girl in her full sleeve grey coat with a pair of denim shorts and black leggings or stockings. She has dark long hair. She carries a white or beige colour bag on her left shoulder.
A tall man, probably into sports, wearing a white polo tshirt with red collars and with a number written on his right sleeve. He wears white colour sun protection sleeves. He wears a pair of beige colour shorts. His shoes are white in colour. He carries a cross body bag that is red in colour. His hair is short and dark.
A short man with brown coloured hair, he wears a white jacket with hoodie with a pair of beige coloured pants. His shoes are dark. He wears spectacles. He carries a red colour backpack.
Skinny, tall man walking with his blue and yellow jacket on, with a pair of black or blue jeans. He wears a set of black shoes with green soles. He carries a white shopping bag with green colour text on it. He also carries a black colour cross body bag.
A girl with long brown hair, with a white colour clip on it, wearing blue or violet coloured top with a pair of black pants. She wears white colour shoes. She carries a pink colour backpack and a black and yellow shopping bag on her right hand.
An Asian guy with brown hair, wearing charcoal coloured full sleeve shirt with dark colour pants. He carries a backpack on his back which is black in colour.
A girl with a small ponytail, dark hair, wearing off white shirt with a pair of black jeans. Her shoes are white with red laces. She carries a tan coloured leather bag on her right shoulder.
A boy, possibly returning from classes, wearing a shirt in white with a pair of beige pants. His shoes are black and white, with a tick on it which means it is from Nike. He carries a multi colour backpack on his back, with colours like green, pink etc. His hair is short and dark.
Slender looking guy with black short hair, wearing white tshirt with a pair of grey track pants. He carries a white or grey cross body bag on his right shoulder which has black strap. He is wearing dark colour shoes.
A middle aged woman wearing a multi colour coat and a pink colour skirt, with a pair of red or brown colour shoes. She has short hair which is dark. She has white skintone.
A slim guy wearing a checked red and white shirt with a hoodie on top of that. His pants appear to be dark. His shoes are dark too. His hair is black and short. He carries a black bag on his back.
A girl with a short ponytail, her hair is dark. She is wearing a dark colour tshirt with a pair of dark colour jeans. She wears a pair of red shoes, which looks like Nike. She carries a shoulder bag which is black in colour with white stripes on it.
A sweetly dressed girl, with long silky and brown hair. She wears something like an orange crop top and brown coat above that. She is wearing black leggings with a pink or orange short skirt above that. Her shoes look white or silver in colour. She is carrying a shoulder bag on her left shoulder.
A school boy in his early teens, wearing black jacket with grey jeans. His shoes appear to be white in colour. He has a white with red designed backpack on his back.
A man in yellow coloured tshirt with dark coloured collars, wearing white colour shorts. His shoes are black in colour. He carries a black colour laptop bag on his right shoulder.
A man, possibly tired after his classes, walking with his grey or white jacket on his shoulder. He wears a blue tshirt with a pair of grey trousers. His shoes are black with white soles. His hair is dark and short. He carries a dark colour backpack on his back.
A well-dressed woman, with a brown hat on her head. She has dark long hair. She wears white shirt with a pair of dark coloured pants. Her shoes appear to be white or beige in colour. She carries a red or brown hand bag on her right hand.
Profile of a tall man, probably an Asian, with dark short hair, he wears a pale violet colour jacket with thick white border. He wears a pair of grey shorts and white shoes with black lines on it. He carries a blue back pack.
A young woman, probably going out on shopping, wearing white top with pink or red designs on it. She wears grey or black colour pants. Her shoes are black. Her hair is dark and she has a ponytail. Her handbag is orange in colour with a white handle. She is carrying it on her right shoulder.
A man, kind of with depressed looks, with short dark hair, wearing blue jacket with white borders on it, on top of red tshirt. He carries a cross body bag in black colour. He wears a pair of dark coloured pants and black shoes.
Nice looking girl with fair skin tone, wearing sun glasses, a white top and a pair of red or brown shorts. She wears dark colour flat slippers. She carries a white shopping back in her left hand and a brown or red hang bag on her right shoulder. Her hair is long, dark and beautiful.
Photo of a small boy, probably a school boy, wearing black shirt with white lines on it and grey colour trousers. His shoes are black with laces tied. He has dark short hair. He carries a black bag on his back.
A plumpy girl with long dark hair, wearing grey tshirt with yellow colour designs on it. She is wearing a pair of dark coloured pants, possibly black. She wears white colour shoes. She may be carrying a green and black backpack.
A beautiful young girl, wearing red tops with darker coloured pants. Her shoes are white in colour. She carries white backpack with black prints on it. Her hair is silky and brown.
A small girl with her white colour sweatshirt on, with a pair of black colour jeans. She wears grey colour pair of shoes. Her hair is dark and below her neck level. She carries a red and white backpack.
A tall, young man, with short and dark hair, wears a blue or black colour coat with a pair of brown or grey trousers. He wears black or brown shoes. He has a brown colour leather bag on his left shoulder.
A fair looking girl, wearing eye glasses, with long dark hair, wearing white or pink coloured top with dark coloured pants. Her shoes are black with top soles. She carries a red backpack.
A tall man with a very fair skin tone, dark hair, wearing white sweatshirt and brown 3/4 pants. He wears brown coloured leather sandals. He has a wrist watch in his left hand.
Picture of a guy wearing black tee, grey jeans and white shoes, who is not facing the camera. He carries a red or maroon coloured backpack. His hair is short and dark.
A thin tall guy with short hair cut, wearing blue shirt with his sleeves rolled up to the elbow. He wears black colour trousers. He carries a black laptop bag with his left hand. His shoes are black formal shoes. He wears glasses for his eyes and his hair is dark.
An Asian man who appears very thin, wearing full hand blue shirt with black coloured jeans. His shoes are black in colour with red stripes. His hair is dark and short. He carries a file or a bag with his left hand.
A pretty slim girl with a long ponytail, she has dark hair. She is wearing a white tshirt with a pair of black pants. She carries a white hang bag with her right hand, which has black prints on it. She wears black shoes, probably fila.
An Asian boy who appears to be with long dark hair. He looks very lean and He is wearing white tee with a brown or grey coloured jacket on it. He wears beige colour pants. His shoes are white in colour.
A boy using his cell phone while he walks, wearing eye glasses. He wears a black teeshirt with multi coloured designs on it. He wears a pair of black pants. His shoes are dark, mostly black. He carries a black shoulder bag on his left.
A girl in her blue or grey shirt with a pair of blue jeans and blue colour shoes, carries a red colour backpack. She is wearing spectacles. She has smooth and silky brown long hair.
A fat woman, carrying a blue backpack, possibly made with denim cloth. She has long dark hair and her face is not facing the camera. She wars grey or black colour top with black colour capri leggings. Her shoes appear to be in golden colour.
Young girl, probably an Asian, wearing eye glasses and a ponytail on her head, wears a multi colour full sleeve shirt with colours such as pink, black and white on it. She wears a pair of black colour pants. She carries an off white colour bag on her right shoulder.
A tall girl with a long ponytail, brown hair, wearing brown coloured long winter coat with white colour pants. Her shoes are also white. She carries a violet colour bag on her back.
A short, plumpy girl, wearing green tshirt with white design on it, and a pair of grey shorts. She has long dark and silky hair. She wears brown colour shoes. There is a bag that she carries on her right shoulder.
It looks like a tall and thin woman, wearing earrings or earphones. She has short and dark hair. She wears teal coloured full sleeve top with a pair of dark coloured pants. She carries a white or off-white bag on her right shoulder. Her shoes are grey in colour.
A short and slightly fat man, wearing dark grey polo tee with a pair of grey jeans. He wears black shoes. His hair is slightly bald. He carries black bag on his right shoulder.
A young, tall and slim girl, with shiny brown hair, wears black colour shirt with a pair of black jeans. She carries a brown or red colour hand bag on her right shoulder. She wears black colour shoes with white soles. Her hair is long.
A girl walking with a beautiful violet colour backpack on her back. She has a poppy hair cut and her dark is dark in colour. She wears a white or light blue cardigan with dark colour pants. She wears white shoes with red borders.
A fit and tall man, with white coloured tshirt and beige or brown coloured pants, carrying a black coloured bag on his back. He has cut his hair short and his the colour of his hair is black. He wears grey or green shoes.
A well built man, with short black hair, wearing black colour polo tee and grey colour cargo shorts. He wears grey colour shoes with black stripes on it. He has a black and white backpack on his back. He wears a black colour watch or bracelet on his left wrist. He probably wears eye glasses.
It looks like a school boy, playing with his phone or an iPod while he walks. He wears grey colour jacket and a pair of beige colour pants. His shoes are white. His hair is black and it is short.
Thin and tall girl, probably an Asian with long dark hair, wearing a green or grey colour jacket with a pair of black coloured pants. She carries a red or orange colour backpack.
A lean man who wears a dark colour tshirt with a pair of light coloured pants, possibly grey. He appears to be carrying a backpack. He wears spectacles and his hair is short and dark.
A man in his late twenties or early thirties, not so tall and not so short, wearing white colour full sleeve shirt with a pair of blue colour jeans. His hair is dark coloured. He carries a backpack that is black in colour.
A very tall, lean boy in his yellow tshirt and carrying a cross body bag that is black in colour. His pants are grey coloured and his shoes are red and black. His hair appears to be dark and short.
A man with average build, wearing red full hand tee with the sleeves rolled up to his elbow. He wears a pair of black pants. His shoes are white or grey in colour. He has short hair and his hair appears dark. He carries a backpack which appears black in colour.
A tall, average looking man, with dark and very short hair, wearing black jacket with blue borders on it and a pair of black jeans. His shoes are blue in colour. He carries a black and blue backup and his holding a book with his right hand.
An ordinary girl wearing dark grey tshirt with black colour pants. She has dark hair and a short hairstyle. She wears black shoes. She has a black handbag in her right shoulder which has white designs on it.
An average guy who walks and checks his phone. He wears white polo tshirt with beige colour shorts. His shoes are white, probably Nike. He carries a red backpack. His hair is short and dark.
A small boy, probably studying in school, carrying a red and black backpack. He wears a black colour tshirt with a pair of grey or black colour pants. His shoes are dark. His hair is cut short and it is dark.
A school going boy, wearing black and white checked shirt with full sleeves and black track pants with gold colour stripes on it. He wears spectacles, His shoes are red. He has dark short hair. He carries a bag on his right shoulder.
A slim woman with dark hair and ponytail, walks wearing a grey tshirt with white colour prints on it and black track pants. She carries a black colour bag on her back. She wears a watch on her left wrist and wears white and black shoes.
Very young boy, possibly in his teenage, wearing black tshirt with designs on it and black shorts. It looks like he is wearing a cap. He carries a black backpack and wears a red wrist watch on his left wrist. His shoes are blue and red in colour.
Tall man wearing red tee with pair of grey shorts. His hair is dark and short. He wears black colour shoes. He appears to be wearing eye glasses.
A young curvy woman, in her beautiful brown and pink top and grey shorts. She wears black or red slippers. She is wearing sunglasses. She has dark hair and it is tied. She carries a black and red handbag on her left shoulder. She has a wrist watch on her left wrist.
A school boy, probably in his 7th or 8th grade, with short hair cut. His hair is dark. He wears a black and white tshirt with black sleeves. His pants are grey in colour. He carries a white colour bag on his back. His shoes appear to be white.
This is an image of a boy wearing grey tshirt with a pair of black trousers. His shoes are white in colour. He carries a black colour backpack which looks heavy. He has dark hair and his hair is short.
A school going girl with long dark hair, checks her phone while walking. She wears a long black top with black leggings. Her shoes are black with white prints on it. She carries a red backpack with white designs.
A boy in his late teenage, wearing white tee with black shorts. His shoes are grey and he carries black backpack. His hair is short and dark.
A tall, slim person wearing a blue full sleeve shirt with checks and black colour pants. He has short hair and his hair colour is black. He is carrying a bag on his back.
A young human, walking with his backpack on, his backpack is black in colour. He is wearing green or blue tshirt with a pair of black shorts. He wears brown or black sports shoes. His hair is short and black.
A man in his thirties wearing white colour full hand shirt with his sleeves folded and a pair of grey colour pants. He wears black shoes. He carries a black bag on his left shoulder. His hair is black.
A boy in his teenage, probably in his mid teens, with his headphones on and listening to some music. He is wearing a blue or violet colour tshirt with white prints on it. He carries a black and grey bag and his shoes are black.
A girl with long hair, her face is not visible on the camera. She is wearing a black long top with a pair of black leggings. She wears white shoes and she carries white or beige color hand bag on her left shoulder.
A tall girl in an attractive red or pink cardigan, with a pair of black leggings. She wears brown shoes. Her ponytail is long, her hair is dark. She carries a matching hand bag on her right shoulder which is also pink or red in colour.
A slender guy wearing a black cap, a black tshirt a pair of white full pants. He is carrying a backpack which is black in colour. His shoes are not visible. He appears to have short hair.
Appears to me a woman with long ponytail and dark hair. She wears glasses for her eyes. She is wearing a grey colour tshirt and grey colour pants. She carries a backpack which is red and black in colour. The backpack has a green or blue colour water bottle.
A man, appears tall, wearing an orange or red colour tee with a pair of black colour jeans and blue or black colour shoes. He carries a cross body back on his back. His hair is short and dark.
A young slender man, who is wearing eye glasses. He appears to be having a short hair. He wears a red tshirt with a pair of black trousers. His shoes are white. He has a black and green backpack on his back. He has folded his hands white walking.
A tall and skinny person with dark and short hair. He wears black tee with yellow or white designs on it. His pants are grey in colour. He wears white shoes. He appears to be wearing spectacles.
A fit girl with long hair, the hair is brown and silky. She wears a red or maroon top with a pair of micro shorts or skirt. She wears black or red high heel slippers. She is carrying a brown or red leather bag on her right shoulder. She holds a green colour polythene bag with her arms and checking on her mobile phone with her right hand.
A guy in his early thirties wearing black or ash colour shirt with half sleeves and a pair of grey or black full trousers. He carries a laptop bag on his left shoulder. He has short hair and the hair is dark.
A medium build man's profile, wearing blue tee with a pair of grey or green trousers. He is carrying a long sling bag, black and grey in colour, on his right shoulder. He wears black shoes. His hair is dark and is above neck level.
A teenage boy with black and grey shirt and dark grey pants. He wears black colour shoes. His backpack is small and is black in colour. He has cut his hair short and it is dark.
A man in his late thirties, with short hair, wearing black colour shirt and navy colour pants. He is carrying a black colour bag, probably a laptop bag in his left hand. His shoes are black in colour. He is holding something in his right hand, probably a water bottle.
Young, tall man with short and dark hair, wearing eye glasses with dark colour frames. He is wearing black tshirt with black colour pants. His shoes are dark and his backpack is also black with white letters on it.
A guy with short dark hair, walking in his blue shorts and black polo tshirt. He wears a pair of dark colour slippers. He carries a black colour backpack.
A girl wearing white colour full sleeve sweater with a pair of black colour pants and black colour shoes. She has long hair and it is dark. She adjusts her hair while she walks. She carries a cross body bag that is beige in colour.
A boy in his late teens, with dark and short hair, wearing red shirt with a pair of grey jeans. He holds few books on his left arm and is carrying a blue or green backpack. His shoes are red or brown. He checks on his mobile phone with his hands.
A short guy looking at something while he walks, like a mobile phone or a tablet. He carries a big black backpack. He wears a blue tee with white stripes left-to-right stripes on it. His pants are grey or black. He wears dark colour sandals. He has dark hair which is short.
A school going young girl, probably around 18 years of age, with dark long hair. She wears white shirt with a pair of black pants. She carries a green colour shoulder bag on her right shoulder and a black colour hand bag in her right hand.
A gentleman in his early thirties, with very less hair on his head. He wears a red tee with a pair of beige colour pants. He carries a shopping bag in his right hand that is white and green in colour.
This is a profile of a tall man, with black tshirt and black pants. He looks like he is wearing eye glasses. He has dark hair. His hair is short. He carries a black bag in his left arm.
A girl, probably studying in a college or school, walking in her black shoes. She is wearing a white full sleeve sweater, with a pair of blue jeans. Her backpack is in black and white. She wears a long ponytail and her hair is black. She holds something like a bunch of papers in her left arm.
A medium build man, in complete formal wear. He wears white shirt with a black coat on it. He wears a pair of black pants. His shoes are black leather shoes. His hair is black in colour and it has been cut short.
This is a man who looks tall and lean, with short dark hair. He wears blue tshirt with a pair of dark colour track pants. His shoes are black in colour. His backpack is grey in colour.
Tall woman wearing full black wear, her jacket is black and her pants are also black. She carries a green or grey backpack. Her hair is long and dark. She wears white or grey shoes. She carries a blue colour water bottle in her right hand.
A skinny individual, wearing black or grey shirt with half sleeves and a pair of black pants. His eye glasses frame is black. He wears a black watch or bracelet on his left wrist. His hair is black and short. His shoes are black and white.
Picture of a girl walking, wearing red or pink shirt with grey or green capri pants. She wears a watch in her left wrist. She has dark hair with a ponytail. Her shoes are purple or grey in colour. She carries a red shoulder bag on her right shoulder.
This girl looks tall and fit. She wears black tee shirt with black shorts. It looks like she is wearing white colour flat slippers. She has a black colour bracelet on her left wrist. Her hair dark and long. She carries a backpack black in colour.
A slim, tall guy, in his late teens, wearing black jacket with a pair of grey shorts. His shoes are white and they are of the brand Adidas. He carries a backpack on his back which appears to be olive and grey mixed in colour.
An Old man, probably in his late fifties, with grey hair and it is short. He wears a black or blue checked shirt with a pair of grey colour pants. He is holding something in his hand, like a set of papers.
A fit girl, probably an Asian with curly long dark hair. She wears a white colour tshirt with red colour horizontal stripes on it. She wears a pair of skinny jeans and is wearing a pair of black shoes. Her handback on the right shoulder is orange in colour.
A tall, very skinny guy, walking and talking to his friend. He wears a white and black tshirt with horizontal stripes on it. He wears a purple or black shirt on top of it. His pants are grey in colour. He wears spectacles and his hair is dark. He is smiling.
A fat guy who is facing right opposite to the camera. His hair is dark and is short. He wears black full sleeve tee shirt or jacket with a pair of dark colour pants and white shoes. He carries a black colour backpack.
A picture of a boy taken in his back. He has short dark hair. He is wearing a jacket or shirt in grey and his pants are also in grey. He is carrying a black colour backpack.
Picture of a girl who has black hair and a ponytail on it. She wears a brown colour full sleeve tshirt with a pair of grey colour jeans. She wears black shoes. She is carrying a multi colour shopping bag on her right shoulder.
This person is tall and medium built, with dark short hair and wearing eye glasses. He wears a white tshirt with a pair of blue jeans and black shoes. His bag on his right shoulder is black in colour.
A middle aged man, should be around 50 years of age, with very less hair on his head. His shirt is black and his pants are in dark colour. He is holding a shoulder bag on his right shoulder in black and red colour.
A beautiful, slim woman, probably in her mid twenties, checking on her phone while she walks. She wears eye glasses and her hair is dark and long. She wears white colour top and pair of black colour pants. Her shoes are white or red.
A teenage girl probably studying in school, with long black hair, wearing spectacles. She wears a white top with a blue jacket and a pair of grey or some dark colour skinny jeans. Her sandals are red in colour. She is holding a shoulder bag on her left shoulder and is holding her mobile phone in her right hand.
A tall and skinny girl, with short black hair, walking with her pink colour bag on her back. She wears a white or pink colour shirt with a pair of grey colour pants. Her shoes are black.
A tall girl in her mid teens, probably around 15 years old, wearing full sleeve top with a pair of grey leggings. Her hair is long and black. She holds a pink hand bag on her right hand. Her shoes are white.
Image of a guy wearing his white backpack on the front side of his body. He wears green tee with a pair of beige coloured shorts. His shoes are black and his hair is dark coloured and short.
A man carrying a red colour backpack and is wearing a black colour tshirt. He wears dark colour shoes. His hair is dark too, and is short.
A boy, probably studying in school, around 14 or 15 years old, walking with his friend. He wears a black tshirt with a pair of blue jeans. He has short and dark hair. He is carrying a black backpack with a green colour water bottle in it.
A short guy, probably in his early twenties, wearing blue colour tshirt with a pair of grey or black colour shorts. His slippers are dark in colour. His hair is short and they appear black. He carries a white or green colour jacket in his right hand.
A tall man, probably with dark skin tone, wearing a black shirt with white big checks on it. He wears a pair of grey colour pants and may be, black colour shoes. His hair is dark and short.
A medium build guy with dark hair and the hair is short. He wears a grey and black jacket with thick horizontal stripes on it. He wears a pair of grey shorts. He appears to be wearing grey or white shoes.
A slim tall girl with dark long hair, wearing a white and grey or olive checked shirt with full sleeves, with a pair of black or grey jeans. She wears a pair of brown colour boots. She appears to be wearing spectacles. She is carrying something like a pouch in her left hand.
A fit woman walking briskly. She has a long dark hair with a ponytail. She wears a black sweater on a white shirt and a pair of grey or blue jeans. She wears white colour shoes. She carries a backpack on her back which is beige or grey coloured.
A man in his early thirties, probably an Asian, wearing blue full sleeve shirt with a pair of beige or off-white pants and a pair of brown leather shoes. He wears a black colour belt. His hair is dark and short. He is smiling.
A medium build man with dark skintone, wearing a white shirt and a black jacket above that with a pair of black colour or grey colour pants. His shoes are black and white. His backpack is red in colour.
Teenage boy with brown hair. He wears a black and white polo tee with a pair of beige pants and white and red shoes. He carries a shoulder bag on his right shoulder.
Appears like a boy with an orange and black bag on his back. He wears a black full sleeve tee with a pair of blue or violet shorts. His shoes are black. His hair is short and black.
This guy is tall and thin, and is wearing a white and black full sleeve tshirt, with horizontal lines on it. He wears brown colour shorts and a pair of slippers. His bag is yellow in colour and he carries it on his right shoulder.
A boy in his late teens wearing a blue jacket with a pair of black jeans and white shoes. His hair is dark and short. He carries a black colour backpack.
A skinny man with dark short hair, wearing a green with black jacket with a pair of black 3/4 pants. His shoes are black in colour which his socks are white. He is carrying a big black bag on his left shoulder.
A man in his early twenties walking while he sips his soft drink, probably coca cola. He is wearing blue tshirt, with grey colour pants and a pair of black shoes. His hair is short and he is carrying a grey backpack on his back.
The back pose of a woman who has dark long hair. She is wearing a blue or black colour jacket and her pants are dark. She carries a black and white hand bag on her left shoulder. Her shoes are black too.
A skinny man wearing white tshirt with green or black colour jacket on it. His pants are black in colour. He has dark hair and it is short. He wears black colour shoes. He is smiling and walking.
Teenage girl, should be around 15 years old, with short dark hair. She appears to be an Asian. She wears a grey colour jacket with hoodie and a pair of blue colour jean shorts. She carries a black backpack.
A tall, lean man wearing a black sweatshirt which has horizontal white stripes on it. He wears a pair of beige colour pants and beige or yellow colour shoes. His hair is dark and short. He is carrying a bag on his right shoulder.
A short man carrying a black colour laptop bag in his left hand. He is wearing a white or blue colour shirt with a pair of grey shorts. He sports grey colour shoes with purple or pink colour laces. His hair is short and dark.
A well built man walking while he is talking on his mobile phone. He wears a brown or grey colour jacket with red colour hoodie, with a pair of grey colour shorts. He wears red or black colour flat slippers. He is carrying something like a bag in his right hand.
A young boy wearing grey colour polo tshirt with horizontal stripes on it. He wears a pair of dark colour shorts. He wears white colour shoes which are of Adidas brand. He is carrying a beige colour bag on his right shoulder.
A girl with long dark hair, wearing red or orange colour top with a pair of black colour jeans. She wears black shoes and she is holding a water bottle or a soft drink in her right hand. Her backpack is red in colour.
A tall woman who has a short hair. She wears grey or white t-shirt with a pair of brown colour cargo pants. Her hair is dark.
A teenage girl whose hair is dark and long. She wears a red tee with a pair of dark colour jeans. Her shoes are dark too. She is carrying a bag on her right shoulder which is black in colour.
Medium build tall man with black hair that is up to the neck level. He wears grey colour tshirt with a pair of white and black shorts, that has stripes or dots in it. He wears black slippers. He is carrying a paper in his right hand.
Slim and short guy, probably in his early twenties, wearing a black and red tshirt with full sleeves. He wears eye glasses and his hair is dark and short. He wears black and white shoes. His backpack on his back is black in colour.
A short guy with short hair. His hair is dark and he is wearing a blue colour t-shirt. He wears a pair of beige colour shorts. He is carrying a shopping bag in his left hand. He is wearing a black colour watch in his left wrist.
A man in black, wearing a black jacket with hoodie and a pair of black pants and black shoes. He carries a black colour cross body bag which looks like from the brand Adidas. His hair is dark and short.
A woman with long brown hair, carrying a white colour shopping bag on her right shoulder. She wears a white colour top with a pair of dark colour pants. Her shoes are black in colour.
An Asian girl who is wearing a green colour tshirt with a pair of light colour skinny jeans. She wears black colour shoes. She has black, long hair with a ponytail. She carries a backpack.
Picture of a girl in her yellow top and grey colour jeans. She is wearing white colour shoes. Her hair is black and long. She is carrying a cross body bag which is Panda themed and is in black and white colour.
An image of a boy with fair skin tone and dark hair. His hair is at his neck level. He wears a white tshirt with a pair of blue or grey jeans. He wears white shoes. He carries a black backpack. He is wearing eye glasses with black frames.
This appears to be a boy in his late teens. He has dark hair and his hair appears to be short. He wears a grey jacket with full sleeves and a pair of black pants. He wears brown colour shoes.
A woman with long hair. Her hair is black. She is wearing black or maroon colour top with a pair of beige or off-white pants. She wears maroon or black colour shoes. She is carrying a black colour shopping bag in her right hand.
Profile of a man with short dark hair. He is wearing a brown or black colour shirt with beige colour 3/4 pants. He wears spectacles. He carries a white and black colour backpack.
A girl with red colour tshirt which has white colour horizontal stripes on it. She has dark long hair. She is wearing dark colour pants. She is carrying a black colour backpack.
An Asian with medium build, curiously looking at something above. He wears specs. He wears a white tshirt and a grey or white jacket on it. He wears a pair of grey pants and red shoes. He has short hair and his hair is black.
A tall man, probably running, wearing a black jacket with a pair of grey shorts. He wears a pair of white shoes. He wears red or black colour eye glasses and his hair is dark and short. He carries a black backpack on his back.
A guy wearing spectacles, with dark short hair. He is wearing black tshirt with white prints on it. He wears a pair of black pants and has tied his jacket around his waist covering his pants. He wears brown colour shoes. He carries a bag on his right shoulder.
A very thin man, who is wearing a blue colour full sleeve shirt and a pair of black trousers. He appears to be in formal wear. He carries a laptop bag and a shopping bag in his left hand. He checks on his phone with his right hand. He has short dark hair.
A medium build person wearing beige or off-white full sleeve sweatshirt with a pair of white pants and white shoes. His hair is black and short. He carries a black backpack on his back and a white shopping bag in his left hand.
A boy carrying his grey or black backpack on his back. He is wearing white or green polo tshirt with a pair of dark pants and dark shoes. His tshirt has horizontal black stripes on it.
A tall man with black hair, his hair is short. He is wearing grey or ash colour tshirt with black borders. His shorts are black and white in colour with horizontal stripes. He is wearing black or red slippers.
A fat man with short black hair, wearing a full hand tshirt with grey stripes on it. He is carrying a backpack which is grey in colour. He is operating his mobile phone with his hands.
A medium build man with dark hair. His hair is short, up to his neck. He is wearing a black shirt which has large grey stripes on it and a pair of grey pants. He is carrying a grey and green backpack.
A boy in his mid teens, walking as he talks on his phone to someone. He has brown short hair. He is wearing a blue shirt and a pair of black pants. His shoes are white and his watch on his left wrist is black. He carries a bag on his right shoulder.
A tall guy with dark short hair, probably an Asian. He has his left hand inside his pants' left pocket. He wears a white tshirt with a pair of grey pants and white shoes. He is carrying a black backpack.
A boy, probably in his teenage. He is tall and thin and he is wearing a yellow colour tshirt with a pair of black shorts. He is carrying a laptop bag on his right shoulder. He is wearing brown colour sandals and is checking on his mobile phone with his hands.
A man walking with his hands inside his jacket's pockets. He is wearing a black and white jacket with checks on it. It has a hoodie on the top. He wears a pair of dark colour pants and white shoes. He has short hair and his hair is dark.
Image of a girl in her red colour tops with white colour polka dots on it. She wears a pair of dark colour skinny jeans. She is wearing white colour sandals. She carries a white colour shoulder bag on her right shoulder. Her hair is long and black.
A man wearing spectacles and carrying a black backpack on his right shoulder. He has dark short hair. He is wearing white tshirt with a pair of dark colour jeans. He has attached something on the left side of his pants, probably an activity tracker.
A tall boy who should be around 20 years old, wearing a white tee with a pair of beige or pink colour shorts. He is wearing black colour shoes. He is carrying a black colour cross body bag on his left shoulder.
Profile of a man with short dark hair. He appears to be wearing grey colour hoodie jacket with a pair of black colour track pants or trousers. He is carrying a shopping bag in his right arm. He is wearing white colour shoes.
A girl in her late teens or early twenties with long dark hair. She is wearing a beige colour top with a black colour cardigan on it. She wears a pair of black colour pants. She carries a red backpack on her back and is holding a beige colour clutch in her right hand.
Appears to be a picture of a tall woman with fair skin tone. She has short hair and her hair is black. She is wearing a black and white full sleeve tee with a pair of dark colour jeans. She is wearing dark colour shoes. She is carrying a bag on her right shoulder.
Picture of a man walking while he checks on his phone. He should be around 20 and he is wearing a blue or black shirt with broad white checks on it. He is wearing grey or black colour pants with a pair of red or black shoes. He is carrying a green colour backpack.
A man in his mid twenties, wearing a light and dark blue tee with a pair of red coloured shorts and pair of red coloured shoes, an adidas. He is wearing eye glasses and his hair is dark and short. He is carrying his mobile phone in his right hand.
A tall woman in black, she is wearing black full sleeve jacket with a pair of black leggings and black short skirt. She has long black hair. She is wearing black shoes with pink laces on it. She is carrying a black or brown colour bag on her right shoulder.
A man in his green full sleeve shirt and a pair of blue jeans. He has short dark hair. He is wearing light colour slippers. He is carrying something orange coloured in his right hand.
A girl with spectacles, walking with a blue lid tumbler in her right hand. She is wearing a blue colour jacket with a white colour top inside. And black pants. She wears a pair of red shoes. Her hair is short and dark.
A guy walking and he is not facing the camera. He is wearing a white tshirt with black colour jeans. He wears a pair of red or maroon Nike shoes. He carries a bag on his right shoulder and another bag in his left hand. Both the bags are black in colour. And his hair is also black, and short.
A girl, probably overweight, with long hair and the hair is black. She is wearing a dark colour coat and a pair of black colour leggings. She wears white colour shoes. She is carrying something like a food pack in her right hand.
A teenage girl probably in her late teens, wearing a ponytail in her brown hair. She wears a red tee with dark colour pants. She wears a pair of black shoes. She is carrying a black and red backpack.
Profile of a woman wearing white top and a pair of black jeans. She has short hair and it is dark. She is carrying a white and black shopping bag on her right shoulder.
She is a woman with long dark hair. She wears a blue top with a pair of blue jeans. Her shoes are white or blue in colour. She carries a shoulder bag on her right shoulder.
A walking man, with dark hair colour and the hair is short. He is wearing black colour shirt with brown colour pants. His shoes are green or grey in colour.
A guy walking fast in his beige slippers. He appears to be in his early twenties. He has dark short hair. He is wearing a black tee with a pair of grey shorts. He is carrying a black backpack.
A tall, fat man, probably in his mid twenties, wearing a purple or violet colour tshirt with a pair of dark coloured shorts. He is wearing white shoes with green laces on it. He is carrying a backpack of black and red colour.
The picture appears to be of a girl probably in her teenage, with long brown hair. She is wearing a white top with a grey colour coat on it, with a pair of black colour stockings. She wears black colour shoes. She carries a shoulder bag on her left shoulder.
A slim girl with dark brown hair. She is wearing a light colour top with a pair of dark colour pants or leggings. She carries a bag on her left shoulder. She wears grey or white colour shoes.
The Profile of a tall woman with long dark hair, wearing specs, with a black colour top and a pair of grey colour leggings. She wears white colour shoes. She carries a black colour bag on her left shoulder.
A woman in her mid twenties with long brown hair. She is wearing sunglasses. She wears a grey colour long top with a pair of light colour tight pants. She wears black colour shoes. She is carrying a violet colour backpack.
Picture of a girl with dark hair and a ponytail on it. She wears a black colour tshirt with a pair of grey colour jeans. She wears black colour shoes. She is carrying a beige colour shopping bag on her right shoulder which has a brown colour print on it.
A girl with long dark hair, probably an Asian wearing a dark colour polo tshirt with a white and red colour short skirt. She wears a pair of black boots. She carries a small basket in her left arm with a book inside it.
A tall man wearing black polo tshirt with a pair of black colour pants and black colour shoes, probably a canvas. he is carrying a black colour bag on his left shoulder and is wearing a black colour watch in his right wrist. His hair is black.
Looks like a girl wearing bright red hoodie jacket with a pair of grey or some dark colour pants. She has dark hair and it is tiny. She has a grey or white backpack on her back and she is wearing black shoes.
A short man talking on the phone while he walks. He is wearing a blue colour shirt with full sleeves rolled up to his elbow with a pair of black colour pants and black colour shoes. He is carrying a bag on his left shoulder which is grey or black in colour. His hair is dark and short.
Fat guy with short hair, he wears a black colour tshirt with a pair of grey or black trousers. He wears a pair of white shoes. He has a fair skin tone. He carries a grey or green colour bag on his back. He is facing the camera and smiling.
A slim and tall woman, with short dark hair, wearing a long grey coat. She is holding a black colour bag in her right hand which has white colour dots in it. She is wearing black and beige high heel wedges.
A teenage age with long dark hair. She wears a white top with a pair of dark coloured capri pants. She wears red coloured shoes. She appears to be carrying a bag on her back.
A slim girl with long brown hair, wearing a bracelet in her right wrist. She is wearing a white colour top with a pair of blue colour skinny jeans. She appears to be wearing dark colour shoes.
A boy in his mid teens, with short hair, holding a bag in his left, which is probably a laptop bag. He wears a grey jacket with hoodie and a pair of black jeans. He is wearing dark colour shoes. His hair is short.
A guy wearing brown shaded sunglasses, with dark short hair. He is wearing a black jacket with a pair of grey shorts. He wears brown or red sandals. He carries a backpack that is black and white in colour. He is facing the camera.
Tall man walking and checking his cellular phone, he is wearing a dark blue tshirt with a pair of grey colour trousers. He wears red colour shoes. He carries a cross body bag on his left shoulder. His hair is dark and short and he is wearing eye glasses.
A fat woman wearing a green sweatshirt or tshirt with a pair of black leggings and red coloured bright shoes. She carries a small pink backpack and has short and brown hair.
A college going girl who has short dark hair. She is wearing a black jacket with a pair of black pants. She wears white and black shoes. She carries a grey or black backpack probably filled with books and notebooks.
A man wearing black and white full sleeve shirt with checks on it. He wears a pair of black trousers with brown shoes. He is wearing a watch on his left wrist. He carries a cross body bag which is brown in colour. His hair is black. He wears eye glasses.
A boy in his late teens with spectacles on. His hair is short and black. He wears a grey tshirt with a pair of grey pants. He carries a black bag on his back and is holding a roll of papers in his right hand. He wears black shoes.
A woman wearing a denim coat with a mini skirt, carrying a black and red bag in her right arm. She wears red or maroon coloured high heel wedges. Her hair is dark with a long ponytail.
This is a picture of a girl carrying a bag in her right hand, probably a food bag or something similar. She wears a pink jacket with a pair of black jeans and a pair of red or pink shoes. She carries her handbag on her left shoulder, which has white and black horizontal lines on it. Her hair is brown and long. She touches her nose as she walks by.
A pretty, slim, tall girl walking as she checks on her mobile phone. She is wearing a grey tshirt with a black jacket on it and a pair of white mini shorts. She carries a sling bag on her right shoulder. Her hair is very dark and long.
A tall boy, appears very thin and is wearing a black full sleeve shirt and a pair of light colour trousers. He has dark hair and the hair is short. He carries a black backpack and is wearing black shoes.
A short girl with short hair, wearing white tee and a pair of blue jeans. She carries a grey backpack on her back and a grey jacket on her right hand. She appears to be wearing light colour shoes and she is not facing the camera.
A guy with his eye glasses on, with short, dark coloured hair. He wears a white and grey shirt with checks on it and a pair of black pants. He wears white and black shoes and a black or silver watch on his left wrist. He carries a large black backpack.
Appears to be a girl, who is slim and tall, with dark short hair, reading a magazine while she walks. She wears a grey jacket and a pair of dark grey trousers. She wears black slippers.
A man in his mid twenties, wearing a white jacket with full sleeves and a pair of dark pants. He carries a black coloured bag on his back and is wearing black shoes. He has dark hair and he is smiling.
A man in his early twenties, wearing a blue and white shirt with checks on it. He wears a pair of dark coloured pants with white shoes. He carries a black backpack and is wearing a bracelet or watch on his left wrist.
A fit looking man with pink colour tshirt on, and a pair of beige colour trousers. He wears black coloured shoes. He carries a cross body bag which is also beige in colour. He has short hair and he looks like an Asian.
A boy in his early teens wearing blue tshirt with beige colour full pants. he holds something in his right hand, possibly a writing pad or a book and a backpack on his back which is white or green in colour. He smiles as he walks. And he wears red colour shoes.
A tall boy who appears to be very thin, wears a white full sleeve shirt with black pants and a pair of black shoes. He carries a black colour bag in his right hand which looks like a laptop bag. And he carries a black bag on his back.
A slim and beautiful woman in a full sleeve black top with a pair of black micro shorts. She wears beige colour shoes. She adjusts her dark long hair while walking.
The man with brownish golden hair which is short. He appears medium built with blue tshirt and a pair of grey or black shorts. He wears sunglasses and a pair of black shoes. He carries a black backpack.
Very thin, tall man, with spectacles on his face. He wears a blue and black tshirt with a pair of grey cargo like pants. He wears white or grey shoes and is carrying a red backpack on his back.
An average build woman wearing white top with a pair of blue jeans. She has long and black hair, she wears a pair of beige colour shoes. She holds something in her right hand, which could probably be her jacket.
A boy in his early teens, wearing a white tshirt with black colour pants. He wears a pair of black colour shoes as well. He carries a black backpack. His hair is black too and it is short.
A woman, who is neither tall nor short, walking with her pair of black shoes. She is wearing a blue jacket with white horizontal stripes on it. she wears a pair of blue or grey jeans. She carries a black backpack and is wearing a bracelet or watch in her right wrist.
A tall medium build woman with long dark hair, wearing a long white coat and a pair of black pants. She is carrying a hand bag on her left shoulder and is carrying a green colour water bottle or soft drink in her left arm.
A man with his raincoat or rain jacket on. His jacket is black in colour. He wears a pair of black pants too. He wears red shoes and carries a backpack on his back, which is black in colour. He has black hair and it is short.
A woman walking fast in her white shoes, wearing a pair of black leggings, a short skirt and a green colour jacket with hoodie. She carries a red colour backpack on her back and she has dark long hair.
This picture looks like a college student, a girl holding some books in her left arm. She has long hair and it is black. She wears a purple or violet coloured full sleeve tshirt with a pair of blue jeans. She carries a backpack.
An old man in his late fifties, with half of his head bald, and half of his head covered with some grey and black hair. He is wearing a white or off-white shirt with full sleeves. He wears dark colour pants and is carrying a black backpack. His hands are folded and he is facing the camera.
A man dressed in full black, wearing a black jacket with a pair of black pants, carrying a black backpack on his back. He has short hair and it is black too.
This man appears to be in his late twenties, carrying a red and black bag on his back. He wears a blue tshirt with a pair of grey pants. His hair is dark and short.
A slim and tall girl, probably in her early twenties, with dark her and a ponytail. She wears a white colour full sleeve shirt with a pair of blue jeans. She has her mobile phone in her right hand. She is carrying a backpack black in colour and is wearing orange or pink colour sandals.
This looks like a boy wearing eye glasses and he has short hair which is dark. He is wearing a dark colour jacket with a pair of light colour pants. He carries a black backpack and is wearing red shoes.
An neatly dressed woman with long dark hair, wearing a watch in her left wrist. She wears a grey or light purple coloured polo tee with a pair of blue jeans. She is carrying a large brown leather hand bag on her left shoulder.
A dark skinned Asian wearing spectacles on his face and a silver colour watch in his left wrist. He wears a dark colour shirt with a pair of dark colour pants. He is carrying a black colour backpack. His hair is dark and short.
A slim girl with burgundy coloured long hair, wearing a white full sleeve tee and a green or blue colour jerkin on it. She wears a pair of dark colour pants and red or brown shoes. She is carrying a pink colour hand bag on her left shoulder and is holding something like a book or a laptop in her right arm.
A girl in her late teens, with long dark hair, walking as she checks her mobile phone. She is wearing a white tshirt with a pair of grey track pants. She wears a pair of white shoes with blue laces.
A person with dark short hair, walking fast with something like a jacket in the right hand. The person wears a white tshirt with a pair of black pants. This person is wearing black shoes and is carrying a backpack on the back.
A man walking without showing any part of his to the camera. He has dark short hair. He wears a dark colour shirt with a pair of blue jeans. He carries a black backpack and wears a pair of black shoes.
Girl carrying an orange or red colour hand bag, probably a cartoon themed handbag on her right shoulder. She has dark hair and it is long. She wears a grey colour top with a hoodie and a pair of black jeans. She wears black shoes. She carries something in her left hand, looks like a jacket.
Looks like a college going girl walking with a book or notebook in her right hand. She wears a black colour tshirt with a pair of grey colour pants. She has long dark hair. She carries a brown hand bag on her left shoulder, which has stripes on it from left to right. She wears a pair of black shoes.
A girl, tall and slim, wearing a long blue skirt with prints on it with a grey or blue coat. She has short brown hair and she carries a sling bag on her right shoulder. She has something in her hands, probably a mobile phone.
An Asian girl with lovely long brown hair, carrying a brown leather handbag on her right shoulder. She wears a black shirt with a pair of black pants. She has a bag or something with wheels on it and she slides it with her left hand.
Young man walking with his hands inside the pockets of his grey colour shorts. He wears a black colour tshirt. He has dark short hair and is wearing spectacles. He wears grey or white colour shoes.
Profile of a man, who is tall and slim, and is smiling while walking with his friend. He wears a grey or olive colour shirt with checks on it and it has a hoodie. He wears black colour pants and black colour shoes. He has a black and white handbag in his right hand.
Appears like a woman in her formal wear, with black colour shirt and a pair of white or off-white colour pants. She has dark hair which is short. She is carrying a black colour hand bag in her right hand. She wears red colour shoes.
A thin girl with beautiful brown hair which is long up to her mid-back. She wears a grey top with a pair of black leggings and white shoes. She carries a beige hand bag or beige colour jacket on her left shoulder.
A boy, who is tall and appears to be nearing twenties, wearing spectacles and carrying a backpack on his back, which is black in colour. He wears a black colour full sleeve tshirt with a pair of grey jeans. He carries a laptop bag in his right hand and is wearing black shoes.
A tall man in his late fifties, fair skin-toned and is medium build. He is wearing an olive green shirt with full sleeves and a pair of grey or ash colour pants. He has something in his shirt pocket, probably a pen. He hair is slightly grey.
A fat man with black hair, wearing spectacles and a pair of grey colour shoes. He wears a green colour polo tshirt with a grey colour jacket on it. He also wears a pair of grey colour pants.
The picture looks like of a boy in his mid teenage, wearing a red colour jacket with hoodie and a pair of grey colour pants. He has short hair and it is black. He is carrying a sling bag on his right shoulder and is wearing a pair of black shoes.
A guy in his early twenties, with short dark hair, wearing a white colour tshirt with a pair of black colour shorts. He is wearing a pair of white colour shoes, that's a Nike. He is carrying a large backpack on his back and bunch of books or magazines in his right hand.
A medium build man walking with his black and white adidas shoes. He has short black hair. He is wearing a black colour shirt with a white colour tee inside it. He wears a pair of green colour shorts. He is carrying a bag in his right hand, probably a laptop bag.
A dark skin-toned Asian man, probably in his early twenties, wearing a blue colour shirt, with the sleeves folded up to his biceps and a pair of grey colour jeans. He carries a backpack which is grey in colour. He has short hair and it is dark.
A boy in his mid teenage, walking fast. He appears to be wearing a pair of beige colour pants with a grey or olive colour tee. He has black short hair and he is carrying a black backpack. He wears white colour shoes.
A woman in her early twenties, with long hair and the hair is brown in colour. She is wearing a black full sleeve tshirt with a pair of black leggings and a short skirt. She is carrying a brown or red leather handbag. She wears red and black sport shoes.
A tall man with a dark skin tone, black and short hair, wearing a black shirt with a pair of black pants. He is carrying a black backpack on his back.
Picture of a teenage girl wearing a black colour tshirt with a pair of blue jeans. She has long hair and it is black. She is carrying a hand bag on her left shoulder. She is wearing white colour shoes.
An Asian with dark short hair with spectacles on his face. He is wearing a brown colour tshirt with a pair of white or grey colour pants. He wears a pair of yellow colour shoes. He is carrying a cross body sling bag on his left shoulder.
A man who appears to be tall and slim, wearing something like a cap on his head. He is wearing a light colour full sleeve shirt with a pair of brown colour cargo pants. He is carrying a black colour backpack on his back.
A tall man holding something like a bunch of files in his left hand. He has black hair and it is short. He is wearing a blue tshirt with a pair of black pants. His shoes are not visible.
A slim man, appears to be tall, wearing spectacles and a pair of black shoes. He is wearing a grey colour tshirt with a pair of dark grey colour pants. He is holding something like a mobile phone in his left hand. His hair is short and dark.
A girl with a pollution mask on her face, with long dark hair, wearing a full sleeve beige top and a pair of grey or brown leggings. She is wearing a pair of green or grey canvas shoes and is carrying a handbag on her left shoulder.
A slim man, probably an Asian, with fair skin tone. He is wearing spectacles and has short dark hair. He wears a violet or blue colour tshirt with a pair of brown or grey colour pants. He is wearing black and white shoes and is carrying a backpack black in colour.
An Asian man in his mid twenties, with wheatish skin tone with black short hair. He is wearing a black colour tshirt with a pair of blue colour track pants and a pair of white colour shoes. He is carrying a black colour bag on his back.
A tall man, probably a sports person, with dark short hair, wearing a black colour tshirt with a pair of grey colour shorts. He is wearing a pair of black colour shoes and is carrying a white or grey colour backpack on his back.
A boy carrying his white colour jacket or something in his left arm and a grey or black colour backpack on his back. He is wearing a white colour tee with a pair of black colour pants. His hair is short and black.
A man walking with his eyes facing the floor. His hair is short and dark and he is wearing a black colour full sleeve tshirt with a pair of grey colour shorts. He is wearing red colour sports shoes, probably a Nike. He is carrying a black colour backpack.
A teenage girl with long dark hair, walking with her friend. She is wearing a black colour shirt with a pair of black shorts. She is wearing red and white colour slippers. She is holding a black bag with green prints on it in her left arm.
A profile of a medium build man, probably in his late twenties, with dark short hair and is wearing spectacles. He is wearing a black jacket with a pair of blue jeans. He is carrying a backpack on his back and is wearing black and white canvas shoes.
A boy in his late teens, in his casual wear, wearing green coloured polo tee with a pair of black and white checked shorts or track pants. He has short hair and his hair colour is dark. He is carrying a red backpack on the front side of his body.
A tall man who is carrying a blue coloured back pack. He is wearing grey coloured jacket with hoodie, with a pair of grey coloured full pants. He wears blue coloured shoes. His hair is short and dark. He is carrying a polythene bag in his right hand.
A man who is wearing a black coloured quilted winter hoodie jacket with a pair of grey or beige coloured pants. He is wearing red coloured shoes. He has dark hair which is short. He is carrying a black bag on his right shoulder.
This is a picture of a young boy who has short hair, and is coloured dark, wearing white coloured plain tshirt with a pair of dark blue or grey coloured jeans. He is carrying a black backpack on his back.
A tall woman who appears to be slim and slender, with short, dark coloured hair, wearing light blue tee with a black coloured coat on it. She is wearing a pair of grey coloured pants. She is wearing red of pink shoes. She is carrying a grey colour bag on her right shoulder.
This appears to be a man with dark and short haircut, wearing white coloured polo tshirt with black horizontal lines on it. He is wearing a pair of dark coloured trackpants. He is carrying a grey coloured backpack on his back. He is wearing a wrist watch on his left wrist.
Image of a man who appears to be tall and slim, wearing blue coloured shirt with a pair of white or off white coloured trousers. He has his hair cut short and his hair colour is black. He is carrying a black bag in his right arm.
Appears to be a girl with straight and dark hair, wearing white tee with a blue coloured hoodie jacket and a pair of black jeans. She is wearing black and white coloured shoes. She is carrying a red colour bag on her right shoulder.
An elegantly dressed young woman who wears grey coloured top with black coloured leggings and black and white short skirt on it. She has dark and long hair which is tied in to a ponytail. She is wearing light coloured shoes. She is carrying a grey bag on her right shoulder. She is holding a book in her arms.
Photo of a young boy who appears to be having short and dark hair and is wearing eye glasses. He is wearing red or pink coloured checked shirt with a pair of green or grey coloured jeans. He is wearing white and black coloured shoes. He is carrying a black or brown coloured cross body bag on his left shoulder.
A young woman, probably in her late teens, wearing off white long top with a dark coloured waist belt, with a pair of dark coloured leggings. She is wearing a black coloured neck-wear. She carries something like a black coat in her left arm and holding a white paper in her left hand.
This man looks fat and short, with flabby body, who is wearing blue colour full hand shirt with black coloured full pants. He also wears black coloured shoes. He has dark and short hair. He is carrying a white shopping bag in his right arm.
A woman in her early twenties who has beautiful straight and dark hair, wearing grey or white tshirt with a pair of dark coloured jeans and a pair of red or pink coloured flat slippers. She is wearing a grey colour jacket. She is carrying a black and pink coloured cross body bag on her right shoulder.
This girl who appears to be an Asian, has dark short hair, with fair skin tone. She is wearing eye glasses. She is wearing charcoal coloured tshirt with red or pink coloured hoodie jacket on it. She is wearing dark coloured jeans.
A neatly dressed girl who has dark and long hair, wearing black coloured long winter top with a pair of black tights. She is wearing black coloured shoes. She is carrying a black coloured bag on her left shoulder. She wears a wrist watch on her left wrist.
A cutely dressed, chic girl, with long, wavy, dark hair, wearing white coloured top with a pair of blue denim micro shorts. She is wearing a pair of pink coloured flat slippers. She is carrying a black bag on her left shoulder. She wears white colour watch on her left wrist. She is talking on the mobile phone.
A college going boy, probably in his late teens, with dark and short hair, wearing blue polo tshirt with a pair of black jeans and a pair of blue or grey coloured shoes. He is carrying a black bag on his right shoulder. He is carrying something like an orange tshirt or jacket on his left arm. He is holding a set of files or papers in his left hand.
This photo is of a young guy, who appears to be in his teens, with black coloured short hair, he is wearing red colour tee with white letters on it, with a pair of white coloured shorts. He is wearing white and black coloured flat slippers.
A short and young woman, with burgundy hair, which is short, wearing black tee with a grey coloured jacket on it. She wears a pair of blue denim pants. She appears to be carrying something like a backpack on her back.
An old man who looks tall and pale, with slightly gray hair, wearing white shirt with a pair of grey coloured full trousers. He is wearing light coloured shoes. He is carrying something in his left arm, probably a bag. He is wearing black coloured belt for this pants.
This man appears tall and slim, probably an Asian with fair skin tone, wearing eye glasses. His hair is short and dark coloured. He is wearing white or light pink coloured shirt with beige or off white coloured trousers. He is wearing white coloured shoes. He carries a black coloured cross body bag.
Young guy, walks while he is talking to his friends and smiling. He has short and dark hair. He is wearing light blue coloured shirt with a pair of black coloured jeans. He is wearing brown or grey coloured shoes. He is carrying a black backpack on his back. And a grey coloured bag on his left shoulder.
A well built, tall man in his thirties, with dark and short hairstyle, wearing white coloured tshirt with black logo on it, probably a Kappa. He is wearing grey coloured shorts. He is carrying black backpack on his back and is wearing a golden or silver coloured watch on his left wrist.
A very casually dressed girl, with short, dark hair, wearing black coloured full sleeve shirt with a pair of grey coloured capri jeans. She is wearing brown sandals. She is carrying a white and brown coloured bag on her left shoulder and a white big bag in her right hand. She is also holding something like a purse in her left hand. She is wearing pink colour watch or bracelet on her left wrist.
A young girl who should be in her teens, wearing white tshirt with a purple coloured checked full sleeve shirt on the top, with a pair of light blue jeans. She is wearing grey coloured shoes. She has long, dark hair. She is wearing eye glasses. She is carrying a cross body bag on her left shoulder. She is holding a file or book in her left arm.
Slightly plump man, with dark and short hair, wearing black or brown colour tshirt with a pair of yellow coloured shorts. He is watching a movie or playing a game on his smart phone, with his earphones connected to it and inserted into his ears. He is carrying a dark coloured bag on his back.
A neatly dressed girl who appears to be tall and slender, with long, dark hair, wearing grey colour tshirt with black colour coat on it, with a pair of dark coloured jeans. She is wearing violet coloured shoes. She is carrying a dark coloured bag on her right shoulder and is wearing a silver bracelet or watch on her left wrist. She is holding her black coloured mobile phone in her left hand.
A small girl, probably in her mid teens and probably an Asian, with long, silky, brown hair, wearing white tee with black designs on it, with grey coloured coat on the top, with a pair of dark coloured jeans. She is wearing eye glasses. She is carrying a pink coloured bag on her back.
A girl who appears to be tall and slim, with poppy hair style and dark coloured hair, wearing maroon checked shirt with a pair of blue jeans. She is wearing white coloured shoes. She is carrying a green coloured cross body bag on her left shoulder.
This is a photo of a man in his early twenties who has short and black colour hair. He appears to be wearing blue tshirt with a pair of grey cargo shorts. He is carrying something like a grey jacket on his right arm. He is carrying a bag on his right shoulder. He wears dark coloured slippers. He is wearing a black wrist watch on his left wrist.
A normal man, who appears to be wearing eye glasses, with short hair and dark hair colour, wearing black and white, full sleeve, checked shirt with a pair of dark blue jeans. He is wearing bright white coloured shoes. He is carrying a backpack on his back and is wearing a wrist watch on his left wrist.
A tall and medium build man, wearing sunglasses, with short and dark hair, wearing a grey coloured full sleeve polo tee with pink coloured collar. He is wearing black coloured pants. He is carrying a grey coloured backpack on his back and his wiping his face while he walks.
A tall and young man who has short and dark hair, wearing red colour with white colour cartoon print on it. He is wearing a pair of grey cargo shorts. He is wearing grey coloured shoes. He carries a black and yellow coloured backpack.
Picture of a boy in his teens, wearing dark coloured checked shirt with a green coloured hoodie zipper jacket and a pair of dark coloured trousers. He is carrying a black colour backpack. His hair is dark and it appears short.
A lean and old man, with half bald head and dark coloured hair, wearing white shirt with half sleeves with a pair of beige coloured pants. He is wearing black colour belt. He appears to be wearing eye glasses. He is holding something in his right hand, probably a yellow coloured bag.
This is a young boy with dark hair, with short hairstyle, wearing brown coloured polo tee with a pair of grey coloured shorts. He is wearing a pair of white sports shoes. He is carrying a grey or some dark coloured backpack and is holding a roll of papers in his arms.
An ordinary man in his thirties, with dark hair, and his hair is very short, wearing green coloured tee with white coloured sleeves and a pair of dark coloured pants. He is wearing glasses for his eyes. He is carrying a black bag on his left shoulder.
A medium build man, who is not facing the camera, with dark and short hair. He is wearing a black coloured full sleeve tshirt with a pair of blue jeans. He is carrying a large black backpack on his back. His shoes are not visible.
This appears to be a picture of a young woman, wearing eye glasses. She has dark, long hair and she is wearing black coloured top with a red coloured jacket on it. She wears a pair of blue denim pants. She is carrying something like a file, black in colour in her left arm.
An average girl with dark, straight and smooth hair, wearing long denim top with a pair of ankle length leggings. She is wearing dark coloured sandals. She is carrying a black coloured shoulder bag on her right shoulder.
This is a girl in her early twenties, with straight, brown hair, wearing white coloured top with multi-coloured jacket and a pair of pale blue jeans. She is wearing white colour shoes. She is carrying a black coloured bag on her right shoulder. she appears to be wearing glasses for her eyes.
A young boy in his black coloured sweater with white coloured border lines on it. He has short and dark hair. He is wearing eye glasses and has dark skin tone. He is wearing a pair of dark coloured trousers and dark coloured shoes. He is carrying a red or black coloured bag in his right arm.
This person looks tall and smart, with short hair and dark hair colour, wearing white coloured polo tshirt with violet coloured collar. He is wearing black coloured shorts and a pair of white flat slippers with black bottoms. He is wearing eye glasses. He is carrying a brown coloured file in his right arm.
A short man with medium build, with dark and short hair, wearing eye glasses walks in his green coloured shoes. He is wearing grey coloured polo tshirt with a pink or brown coloured sweater on the top and a pair of grey cargo pants. He is carrying a black backpack on his back and something like a notebook in his right hand. He is wearing black coloured watch on his left wrist.
A tall person who appears to be having short and dark hair, wearing white shirt with a black coloured big full sleeve zipper jacket. He has dark hair and it appears short. He is carrying a black colour bag in his right hand.
A man in his thirties, with dark and short hair, wearing white shirt with black coloured jacket on top of it. He is wearing dark coloured jeans. He is carrying a black coloured bag in his right arm and is looking at the girl walking in front of him.
This is a photo of a man in his late thirties, who has dark hair and it is short. He is wearing white or light blue coloured shirt with a beige coloured coat on it. He wears blue coloured jeans. He appears to be tall. He is wearing white coloured shoes. He carries a black bag on his right shoulder.
An average man with messy and dark hair, wearing eye glasses. He is wearing blue tshirt with a pair of dark coloured pants or shorts. He is carrying a black backpack with white border lines. He is holding a green or blue coloured water bottle in his left hand.
A decent tall man, with ordinary looks, wearing grey and white checked full sleeve shirt with a pair of white or off white trousers. He wears a pair of brown coloured shoes. He appears to be wearing eye glasses. He has short and dark hair. He is carrying a black bag on his left shoulder and holding a black laptop or file in his left arm. He appears to be checking his phone with his right hand.
This is a young boy, should be in his teenage with mushroom shaped hair cut and his hair is dark in colour. He wears dark coloured tee with a pair of blue or grey jeans. He carries a black coloured cross body bag on his back. He appears to be speaking on his phone.
A man who appear to be slender, with dark hair and short hair cut, wearing brown or black coloured tshirt with a pair of grey coloured full trousers. He is wearing eye glasses and he is carrying a black bag on his right shoulder.
A man in his early thirties, wearing a large maroon zipped winter jacket with a pair of blue coloured jeans. He is wearing black or navy coloured shoes. He is carrying a polythene bag in his right arm which appears to be a food bag. He has dark and short hair and he wears eye glasses.
A young guy with dark and short hair, wearing black coloured tshirt and a black coloured jacket on top of it. His black coloured jacket has white borders on it. He is wearing beige coloured or grey coloured pants. He appears to be carrying a bag in his right arm.
A smartly dressed man who has dark hair, which appears short and he wears eye glasses. He is wearing white colour shirt with blue coloured denim coat on top of it. He has his white coloured ear phones inserted into his ears. He is wearing grey coloured trousers and black shoes. He is carrying a black coloured bag on his left shoulder and another black bag on his right shoulder.
This woman is tall and appears young, with dark, long hair, wearing green coloured tshirt with a black coloured jacket with white horizontal lines on it. She wears blue denim pants and white coloured shoes. She is carrying a red coloured bag on her right arm.
A young, beautiful girl with nice long, dark and straight hair, wearing black coloured top with ash coloured jacket on it. She is wearing full black tights, with blue denim mini shorts on top of it. She may be wearing eye glasses. She is carrying a beige or white coloured shoulder bag on her left shoulder. She is holding something like a book or file or iPad in her left arm.
This man looks like a sports person with mushroom shaped hair cut, and dark hair colour, wearing white coloured tee shirt with black logo on it. He is wearing sun protection sleeves in white colour. He is wearing a white coloured watch in his left arm. He wears beige or brown coloured shorts. He carries a black cross body bag.
A man with dark brown hair which is cut short, wearing white or ash coloured big hoodie zipper jacket with a pair of beige coloured full trousers. He is wearing a pair of dark coloured shoes. He carries a black coloured backpack on his back.
A slender, young boy with dark and short hair, wearing blue coloured full sleeve shirt with a pair of black coloured jeans and black coloured shoes. He is wearing spectacles. He is carrying a big polythene shopping bag in his right hand. He carries a black colour cross body bag on his left shoulder.
A nice looking girl with dark and long her, tied in the back, wearing eye glasses and neatly dressed in violet coloured top with a pair of black coloured pants. She is carrying a pink or purple coloured backpack. She carries a black coloured bag in her right arm.
A man who appears to have brown hair which is short, wearing glasses for his eyes. He wears black coloured jacket which is fully zipped and a pair of dark coloured pants. He is carrying a black backpack which has white coloured borders.
A fair skinned woman in her early twenties, with dark hair tied in the back, walking as she thinks about something. She appears to be wearing eye glasses. She is wearing white shirt with a pair of dark coloured jeans. She wears pink and white shoes. She is carrying beige hand bag on her right shoulder.
A smart, young man with spiked hairstyle, dark coloured hair, wearing glasses for his eyes and walking in his white coloured shoes. He is wearing red coloured tshirt with a white shirt unbuttoned on top of it. He is wearing grey coloured 3/4 pants. He has a black watch tied in his left wrist. He is carrying a black backpack.
A man, who appears to be young and tall, and also slim, with dark and short hair, wearing white tshirt with some cartoon prints on it. He is wearing grey coloured trousers and grey coloured shoes. He is carrying a white bag with black strap on his shoulder and is carrying a big black bag in his right hand.
Snapshot of an old woman, whose hair is coloured black and is cut short, wearing brown and red coloured loose top with a white coloured skirt. She wears a metallic watch on her left wrist. She is carrying a black bag on her left shoulder.
This is a young man, who has short, dark hair, wearing red coloured checked hoodie shirt with a pair of black or some dark coloured trousers and grey or black coloured shoes. He is carrying a black backpack on his back.
This woman appears tall and slim, and should be around thirty years of age, wearing black top with a pair of blue or grey jeans. She appears to be wearing frame-less eye glasses. Her hair is dark and is tied into a ponytail. She is carrying a brown coloured bag on her right shoulder.
A tall girl, with dark, straight, long hair wearing eye glasses and carrying her grey jacket in her left arm. She is wearing a translucent black full sleeve top with a black coloured tight leggings and a grey short skirt on top of it. She is wearing white or grey shoes and is carrying a brown hand bag in her left arm.
A very young boy in his teens, with dark and slightly messed up hair, wearing red colour tshirt with white logo on it, with a black coloured jacket on top of it with a pair of blue jeans. He is wearing something like a bracelet or watch in his right wrist. He is carrying something, probably a laptop in his left arm. His chin appears to have something in white like a band-aid.
This should be a boy in his twenties who wears eye glasses and has dark short hair. He is wearing yellow tshirt with black borders and a pair of grey shorts or pants. He carries a black coloured shoulder bag on her right shoulder.
This is an image of a man who is an Asian, probably in his early thirties, wearing blue tee with a pair of grey trousers. He wears black coloured shoes. He is carrying a black coloured backpack on his back. He has dark hair which appears short. He is carrying an ash coloured garment, should be a jacket, on his left shoulder.
A tall, young woman, elegantly dressed with white coloured full sleeve coat with a pair of black coloured ankle length pants. She is wearing high heeled golden or silver coloured glitter shoes. She has wavy, long, dark hair. She is carrying a red hand bag in her right arm. She is wearing a brown coloured hat on her head.
Profile of a tall, thin man, who wears spectacles and has dark, short hair. He is wearing white tshirt with black letters printed on it. He is wearing a light purple coloured jacket above that. He wears a pair of grey cargo shorts and white and black shoes. He has a wrist watch tied on his left wrist. He appears to be carrying a bag on his back.
A cute, young girl, probably in her early twenties, with dark hair which is tied in the back. She is wearing red and white checked long top with a pair of dark coloured full tights. She appears to be wearing dark coloured high heeled shoes. She carries red or brown coloured shoulder bag with her right arm.
A man wearing orange or red coloured tee with a blue coloured coat on top of it. The blue coat has white coloured edges. He is wearing dark coloured jeans and dark blue coloured shoes. He wears a watch on his left wrist. He has dark and short hair. He carries a cross body bag on his right shoulder.
This woman who has long, dark, straightened hair, wears white couloured top with a pair of dark coloured pants or skirt. She is carrying a white polythene bag in her left arm. She also carries a brown or red coloured backpack on her right shoulder.
This man looks young, with dark and short hair, having his headphones inserted in to his ears and connected to his phone, probably a white coloured iPhone or an iPod touch. He is wearing dark coloured collared jacket with a pair of dark jeans.
This is a photo of a slightly stout, young woman, with dark, long hair, wearing a charcoal coloured tshirt with a pair of black coloured jeans. She is carrying a black coloured backpack on her back which has white border lines on it.
This girl appears nice and lean, looks young with a red coloured top and a pair of grey coloured skin tight jeans. She is wearing white coloured shoes. She has straight and dark hair. She has her headphone inserted into her right ear, and connected to probably a music player in her right hand. She is also carrying a beige coloured bag in her right arm.
A young, pretty girl, with wavy, dark hair, wearing white coloured winter top with a pair of black coloured leggings. She wears white coloured ankle high shoes. She is carrying a black bag in her right arm. She may be carrying a backpack.
A handsome, young and tall man, with black coloured hair and nice haircut, wearing black framed eye glasses. He is wearing white tshirt with a black coat on top of it. He is wearing a pair of dark coloured jeans. He appears to be wearing dark coloured shoes too.
Young woman in her early twenties, neatly dressed in white top and black coloured jeans. She has long and straight hair which appears black. She wears dark coloured shoes and she is carrying a red coloured backpack on her back.
Appears to be a young and slender man, with normal body build, short and dark hair, wearing ash or white coloured sweat shirt with a pair of black or grey coloured shorts. He is not facing the camera. His shoes are not visible too. He may be wearing a dark coloured watch on his left wrist.
Image of a young man, probably an Asian in his early twenties with short and dark hair and wearing eye glasses. He is wearing black coloured shirt with a pair of dark coloured pants. He carries a black and grey backpack on his back.
A tall and slender man, with slim body build, wearing full sleeve blue shirt with his sleeves folded up to his elbow. He has dark hair which is cut short. He is wearing black coloured full length trousers. He is in full formal wear. He wears black formal shoes. He is carrying a black office bag in his left arm.
A tall man who appears to be young and slim, wearing blue full hand shirt with black coloured trousers. He is wearing grey coloured shoes. He is carrying a black bag in his left arm. He has short and dark hair and has fair skintone.
A young woman with dark, long hair, who has tied her hair on the top, wearing white tshirt with a pair of black skin tight jeans. Her shoes are not visible. She is carrying an ash coloured shoulder bag on her right shoulder and she is trying to open her bag and take something out. She is wearing something like a bracelet on her left wrist. She wears round shaped spectacles.
A slim and tall woman, who has dark and short hair, wearing grey coloured huge winter jacket with a pair of off white trousers. She wears white coloured shoes. She carries a grey coloured long strap shoulder bag. Her face is not visible to the camera.
This appears to be a photo of a young, stout man, probably in his twenties, with black coloured, short hair, wearing eye glasses. He is wearing a large black coloured jacket or shirt with a pair of black coloured pants. He appears to be wearing black shoes. He carries a grey coloured shoulder bag.
This Asian woman has straight, long and brown hair, and she is wearing eye glasses. She wears a grey coloured top with a pair of dark coloured jeans. She is wearing a brown or black coloured watch or bracelet on her left wrist. She carries a blue or white coloured bag in her left hand.
This looks like a person, probably a woman, wearing light blue or grey coloured long top with a grey coloured hoodie jacket above that. The person has covered their head with the hoodie of the jacket. This person wears dark coloured pants.
This appears to be a slim, tall and pretty woman who has dark and long hair, wearing a pink, black and white coloured checked full sleeve shirt. She is wearing dark coloured skinny jeans. She wears white coloured shoes. She carries a white colour bag on her right shoulder.
This is a picture of a young woman, who looks like yawning while she walks. She has dark and long hair, probably a ponytail and she is wearing eye glasses. She is wearing blue colour long top and she is wearing brown colour big coat on top of it. She is wearing white colour slim fit jeans with a pair of white colour shoes.
A very tall and medium build woman, with long, dark hair, wearing green tee shirt with a pair of dark coloured denim shorts. She is wearing brown coloured shoes. She carries black and white coloured shoulder bag on her right shoulder which has horizontal stripes on it.
Image of a young man with short and dark coloured hair, wearing dark framed eye glasses. He has his ear phones on, connected to his phone or music player. He is wearing teal coloured sweater with a pair of dark blue jeans. He is carrying white coloured bag on his right shoulder.
An Asian man, walking while he hears music with his ear phones, connected to his music player in his left hand. He wears black polo with a pair of dark coloured jeans. He has dark and short hair. He carries black colour bag on his right shoulder.
A modestly dress, tall and slim girl, with dark, long, silky straight hair, wearing grey colour tee with black letters on it, with black colour cardigan with a pair of grey or dark blue jeans. She wears dark coloured shoes. She carries a brown or red coloured hand bag on her right shoulder and wears a wrist watch on her left wrist.
A stylish girl in her early twenties, with dark, short hair, wearing shades for her eyes. She wears red colour tshirt with heart shaped designs on it, with blue coloured coat on top of it. She wears dark coloured pants. She carries a dark coloured bag on her right shoulder.
Tall, young man wearing white coloured tshirt with a pair of brown cargo pants. He is wearing grey coloured shoes. His white tshirt has a black coloured bicycle logo printed on it. He has dark and short hair. He wears spectacles. He is carrying a dark coloured backpack.
A stout and chubby guy, with dark hair colour, wearing round shaped eye glasses. He wears black coloured polo tshirt with a pair of grey coloured shorts. He wears a black wrist watch in his left arm. He wears black colour shoes with green laces. He carries a black bag on his back.
Picture of a man with short and dark hair, wearing grey coloured jacket with hoodie, with a pair of grey coloured track pants. He appears to have a fair skin tone. He carries a grey or black bag on his left shoulder.
A pretty looking, young and slim girl with dark colour, wavy, brown hair, wearing a hair band on her head. She wears green coloured sweatshirt with a pair of dark coloured jeans. She wears brown or grey coloured shoes. She is carrying a bag on her back.
This appears to be a photo of a man who has half bald head with black colour hair, and he wears dark framed spectacles. He wears a brown coloured tshirt with the letter R in golden colour, printed on it. He is carrying a black coloured bag on the back. He wears blue jeans.
A healthy looking man, probably an Asian in his early thirties, with short, dark hair, wearing spectacles. He is wearing white shirt with a pair of blue jeans. He wears brown colour leather shoes. He is carrying a black coloured backpack on his back.
A skinny, young boy, wearing yellow coloured tshirt and a pair of dark coloured pants or shorts. He has short hair and it is dark in colour. He is carrying a cross body bag, black or grey in colour on his right shoulder. He is holding something like a pouch in his hands.
Appears to be a man who is tall with dark skin tone. He wears red tshirt with a pair of dark coloured shorts. He is wearing dark colour shoes. He is carrying a black coloured backpack on his back. He has short and dark coloured hair.
A tall man with medium build, wearing black coloured big hoodie jacket with a pair of black coloured pants, turning pages of a book and walking. He wears blue coloured shoes. He is wearing a black watch in his left wrist. He wears eye glasses and he has dark and short hair.
This photo appears to be a person with short and dark hair, wearing eye glasses and looking at the mobile phone. This person is wearing a grey coloured full sleeve tee with a pair of black coloured pants. The person carries a black coloured hand bag in the right shoulder.
A tall, young man, wearing white polo t-shirt with beige coloured shorts. He has dark short hair. He is looking at his cell phone while he walks. He is wearing white colour shoes. He is carrying a red backpack. He wears a white colour watch in his left wrist.
The man in the picture appears to be an Asian in his mid twenties, who has short and black hair. He wears brown or black colour tshirt with a pair of dark coloured jeans. He is wearing black and white coloured shoes. He is wearing a black watch on his left wrist. He carries a black bag on his back.
A lean, tall man, probably an Asian, holding something with his hands while he is walking. He has dark, short hair. He is wearing blue or black and white checked full sleeve shirt with a pair of dark coloured trousers. He is wearing shoes in black colour.
A slender, neatly dressed woman, with dark hair and long ponytail, wearing grey coloured tshirt with a pair of black coloured jeans or track pants. She wears black coloured shoes. She is wearing a black colour watch on her left wrist. She carries a black and red backpack.
Profile of a tall man with dark coloured hair, which is cut short. He wears black coloured tshirt with a pair of grey or charcoal coloured shorts. He is carrying a black coloured back pack on his back. His shoes are not visible.
A tall man with medium build, walking fast in his blue coloured shoes. He is wearing eye glasses. He wears red colour tee with blue or black prints on it. He is wearing grey coloured shorts. His hair is short and is dark in colour.
A young, slim woman with dark hair and pop hairstyle, wearing pink or purple coloured long top with a pair of yellow coloured leggings. She is carrying a tan or brown coloured shoulder bag on her left shoulder.
A school boy, with fair skin tone, wearing eye glasses. He has dark and short hair. He is wearing white tshirt that has black colour text reading "Live Real" printed on it. The tshirt has black coloured full sleeves. He is wearing dark blue or grey jeans and white shoes. He carries a white or grey coloured backpack on his back.
Slim, short man, with short, dark hair, wearing ash coloured tshirt with black neckline. He is wearing a pair of black jeans and white coloured shoes. He is wearing a metal watch or bracelet on his left wrist. He is carrying a black backpack on his back.
This is a profile of a girl with long, brown, wavy hair, wearing long dark top, with a pair of dark coloured leggings or tights. She is wearing white coloured shoes. She carries a red or brown coloured backpack on her back. She is holding something red coloured in her hands, may be her cell phone. She wears white colour watch in her left wrist.
Young and tall man, smiles and walks, wearing eye glasses with dark frames. He is wearing grey or ash coloured tshirt with a pair of brown or grey colour cargo shorts. He is wearing white colour shoes. He carries a grey or white colour backpack on his back.
This image appears to be of a guy who has short, dark hair with something like a bluetooth headset on his right ear. He wears a blue and white checked shirt with a pair of dark coloured jeans. He wears dark coloured shoes. He carries a black backpack.
This is a portrait of a small boy, probably studying in school, wearing green or blue colour tshirt with a pair of dark coloured shorts or pants. He has short, dark hair. He is carrying a dark green coloured backpack on his back and a red coloured book or file in his right hand. He may be carrying a bag in his left arm.
A middle aged man, with medium build, with dark and short hair, wearing light green or blue full sleeve shirt with a pair of grey coloured full trousers. He is wearing dark coloured shoes. He is carrying a black coloured cross body bag on his left shoulder.
This picture appears to be of a young boy, probably in his late teens, who is enjoying music through his headphones while he walks. He has his headphones connected to his music player in his right side pocket of his shorts. He is wearing black tee with white logo on it, with black or grey shorts. He is wearing black shoes. He is carrying a black sling bag on his left shoulder.
A pretty young girl, who appears to be slim and short, with long, straight and dark hair, wearing black coloured printed long top with a black coat on it, with black coloured leggings. She wears white shoes. She has her earphones on, connected from her music player or mobile phone that she is holding in her left hand. She is carrying a white coloured bag on her left shoulder.
A slender and beautiful young woman, with brownish hair, probably tied into a ponytail. She is wearing a red colour jacket with an orange or brown coloured large scarf of it. She wears black coloured tight leggings. She is wearing white and black coloured shoes. She wears oval shape eye glasses.
An average man with normal build, wearing a military print cap on his head. He wears black tshirt with a pair of grey trousers. He is wearing white colour shoes. He may be carrying a black coloured backpack on his back.
A tall woman with medium build wearing ash coloured tshirt with pink or red logo on it, with a large grey coloured jacket on top of it and a pair of grey track pants. She is wearing some dark coloured flat slippers. She wears eye glasses. She has dark hair and her hair is tied.
This is a photo of a man wearing orange coloured tshirt with a pair of black coloured track pants or jeans. He is wearing black coloured shoes with white laces and soles. His face is not clearly visible. He is wearing a metallic watch on his left wrist. He carries a maroon and black cross body back on his left shoulder.
A thin, young man, wearing red t-shirt with a pair of black coloured jeans. He is wearing red and white coloured shoes. He has short and dark hair. He may be wearing eye glasses. He carries a black Nike backpack on his back.
This picture appears to be of a man with dark and short hair, wearing black coloured tshirt with a pair of grey coloured trousers. He is wearing white colour shoes. He is carrying two black coloured bags on his right shoulder.
A cute, short, chubby girl, with silky, straight hair, wearing white coloured tshirt with cartoon prints on it, with a maroon coloured coat on top of it. She is wearing blue coloured denim, micro shorts. She is wearing a pair of maroon coloured flat slippers. She carries a dark coloured bag on her right shoulder and a green coloured book in her left arm. She is checking on her phone with her right hand, and her phone is covered with pink coloured case.
An Image of an Asian man, probably in his mid thirties, wearing dark framed eye glasses. He appears with short and dark hair. He is wearing black and grey coloured checked shirt with a pair of grey coloured jeans. He wears black coloured shoes. He is carrying a black bag on his left shoulder and is wearing a black wrist watch in his left hand.
A stout man wearing blue tshirt with black coloured prints on it with a pair of grey coloured trousers. He is wearing dark coloured sandals. His hair is short and dark. He is carrying a black coloured bag on his right shoulder. He is wearing a metallic watch on his left wrist. He appears to be wearing glasses for his eyes.
A slim woman who is neither short nor tall, with dark brown and long hair, with a ponytail. She is wearing multi-coloured shirt with grey, black and yellow colours on it. She is wearing beige or brown coloured pants with brown coloured shoes. She is carrying a black coloured cross body bag.
This is a photo of a person with dark hair with short hair cut, wearing black coloured shirt with a pair of black coloured pants. He may be wearing eye glasses. His shoes are not visible. He may be holding something in his right hand, probably a bag or mobile phone.
A tall and lean Asian man, wearing black coloured tee with a pair of black coloured full pants. He is wearing grey coloured shoes. He is carrying a black coloured backpack on his back. He has dark and short hair. He appears to be wearing round shaped spectacles.
A medium build man with short and dark hair, wearing black coloured tshirt with a pair of grey or blue shorts. He is wearing dark coloured flat slippers. He appears to be carrying a backpack on his back. He wears eye glasses.
A short woman, trying to tie her hair as she walks. She has dark and slightly long hair. She is wearing white coloured top with a pair of black coloured pants. She is wearing black coloured high heeled shoes. She may be carrying a backpack.
Picture of a man who appears to have short and dark hair, wearing a red coloured tshirt with a pair of grey coloured trousers. He is wearing red coloured shoes. He is holding something with his hands in the front of his body. He is carrying a green and black backpack on his back.
This is a profile of a man, who has dark and short hair. He appears to be checking his iPad or a tablet while he walks. He is wearing blue polo tshirt with white colour horizontal lines on it. He is wearing dark colour jeans. He is carrying a black backpack on his back and his carrying another black bag on his right shoulder. He is wearing white colour shoes.
A slim, tall and cute girl, with long, dark and silky hair, wearing white or off white tshirt with a pair of black coloured jeans. She is wearing black colour shoes. She is carrying a black shoulder bag on her right shoulder. She is wearing a metallic watch on her left wrist. She may be wearing eye glasses.
This is an Asian with half bald head but dark coloured hair. He wears red coloured tshirt with white colour text printed on it. He is wearing beige colour full pants. His shoes are black in colour with white soles and white laces. He has fair skin tone.
This man in the photo appears to have short hair, but his hair appears to be partly grayed out. He is wearing black tshirt with red colour designs printed on it. He is wearing a pair of black colour trousers with a pair of black shoes. He is carrying a black bag on his left shoulder. He is wearing spectacles. He is holding something in his left hand, probably a hand kerchief.
A young Asian girl, probably studying in a college, wearing grey coloured hoodie jacket with a pair of blue jeans. Her shoes are not visible. She has dark, long hair and she is wearing eye glasses. She is carrying a set of books in her left arm and a black coloured backpack on her back.
An ordinary man dressed up in full black. He has black and short hair. He is wearing black colour coat with a pair of black colour full trousers. He is wearing black colour socks and shoes. He is not facing the camera.
A skinny, young boy, with dark hair, probably who shaved his head recently. He wears frame-less spectacles. He wears a blue tshirt with star print on it. He is wearing a pair of black coloured pants. His shoes are black coloured with two stripes on it, which means it is from FILA. He is carrying a grey and black backpack.
This is probably a picture of a chubby Asian woman, probably in her late twenties, wearing a black coloured winter jacket with a pair of black coloured pants. She has her white colour earphones on, which is connected to a music device on her pants' left pocket. She has dark and long hair.
This is a photo of a man who has short and dark hair, wearing a black and white coloured half sleeve shirt with a pair of black coloured pants. He is wearing black coloured Nike shoes. He wears eye glasses. He is carrying a black coloured bag in his right hand.
A medium build woman in her early twenties with long ponytail tied in her dark coloured hair. She is wearing eye glasses. She is wearing red and grey coloured checked shirt with a pair of beige coloured pants. She is carrying a red coloured shoulder bag on her right shoulder.
This is a young, slim girl, who has a long, brown and straight hair, wearing black coloured tshirt with a black coloured short skirt. She is wearing white coloured flat slippers. She is carrying a grey coloured backpack on her back.
A young and thin Asian woman, with dark and short hair, wearing a black coloured full sleeve tee with a black coloured knee length skirt. She is wearing a pair of white coloured ankle length shoes. She is wearing spectacles. She is carrying a military themed backpack.
This appears to be an old man, with fully grayed out hair, wearing eye glasses with dark coloured frames. He has a pale skin tone. He is wearing black or blue with white checked shirt with a pair of beige or grey coloured trousers. He
A fit, young woman, probably in her early twenties, with dark hair, which is tied, wearing a white and red or pink coloured shirt with short sleeves, with a pair of black leggings and grey short skirt. She is wearing black coloured shoes.
A skinny, tall man, probably an Asian in his late twenties, wearing white and black polo tshirt with horizontal stripes on it, with a purple or grey colour shirt unbuttoned on top of it. He wears a pair of grey coloured cargo pants. He is wearing white shoes. He is facing the camera and smiling. His hair is dark and short.
An average man with dark hair which has been cut short, wearing white shirt with black jerkin on top of it. He is wearing black colour trousers. He wears a pair of white shoes, with three black stripes on it, probably an Adidas.
This man with wheatish skin tone, dark and short hair, appears to be walking while he is talking to a friend and smiling about something. He is wearing ash coloured full hand shirt with a pair of blue or black coloured denim pants. He is wearing white coloured shoes. He is carrying a black backpack.
A young, chic girl, beautifully dressed in white coloured top with a black coloured coat on it, with a pair of grey or dark blue skin tight jeans. She is wearing black and white coloured shoes. She has dark hair. She is carrying a tan coloured shoulder bag on her right shoulder.
A tall man, with medium build, wearing white tshirt with something in black printed on it and a pair of blue or grey jeans. He is wearing a pair of black coloured shoes. He is carrying a black coloured bag on his right shoulder. His hair is dark and short. He is wearing eye glasses.
A middle aged man, probably in his forties, with dark and short hair, wearing black colour tshirt or shirt with a black colour coat on it, with a pair of black colour trousers. He is wearing white colour shoes. He is carrying a black or red coloured bag on his right shoulder. He appears to be wearing round shaped eye glasses.
This woman, probably an Asian in her twenties, has dark, long and straight hair. She is wearing ash or grey coloured jacket or top with a pair of grey or black coloured jeans. She is wearing dark coloured shoes. She is carrying a white coloured shoulder bag on her right shoulder which has black coloured text printed on it.
A young girl with beautiful brown, wavy hair, walking in her blue coloured coat with a pair of blue or grey coloured skinny jeans. She is wearing red or pink colour shoes. She carries a black colour shoulder bag on her left shoulder.
This is a picture of a tall and young woman, with short, dark hair, wearing white coloured shirt with vertical black stripes on it. Her sleeves are rolled up to her elbow. She is wearing a pair of grey jeans and white coloured shoes. She carries a grey or white backpack.
A lean, fair girl with long, straight and dark hair, wearing white colour full sleeve shirt with a pair of beige coloured short skirt. She appears to be wearing knee length boots. He is carrying a beige or white coloured bag on her right arm.
This man actually faces the camera right in front while he walks. He appears to me smiling a little. He is wearing green colour polo tshirt with a pair of beige shorts. He wears black colour shoes. He is carrying a black backpack with white borders on it and is actually carrying it on the front side of the body. His hair is dark and short.
A young man, probably in his mid twenties, with straight,long and dark hair, wearing charcoal or black coloured tshirt with white coloured designer prints on it, with a pair of dark colour jeans. He is wearing white colour shoes. He wears a watch in his left wrist. He is carrying a red coloured bag on his back.
A tall, slender man, with dark coloured hair, wearing black colour v-neck tshirt with a pair of grey coloured jeans or track pants. He is wearing grey or white coloured sports shoes. He is carrying a grey or black coloured back pack on his back.
A casually dressed man wearing red or black framed spectacles, with dark and short hair, wearing blue coloured tee with white colour designs on it. He is wearing dark colour shorts. He wears some dark coloured slippers. He is carrying a dark coloured bag in his right hand. He sets his hair white walking.
This is a profile of a skinny man who appears tall and wears black and white checked full sleeve shirt with the sleeves rolled up to his elbow. He wears a pair of dark jeans. He is wearing dark coloured shoes. He appears to have dark hair which is cut short.
A short Asian, wearing dark framed spectacles, walking with his white colour shoes. He wears a black tee and a grey and blue checked zipper jacket above that. He is wearing a pair of grey shorts. He has dark and short hair.
This picture appears to be of a tall and slim girl, with a long ponytail, dark hair colour, wearing olive or grey coloured checked full sleeve shirt with a pair of dark coloured skinny jeans. She is wearing dark coloured shoes. She is carrying a small bag in her left arm.
Young girl, looking nice with her cute and long ponytail, wearing black coloured full sleeve sweater with white collars, with a pair of black or blue jeans, and white coloured shoes. She is carrying pink colour back pack on her back.
An average, ordinary man in his formal wear, probably on the way to his work, wearing blue full sleeve shirt with a pair of off white pants. He is wearing black formal shoes. He has dark and short hair. He is carrying a black bag on his right shoulder, probably a laptop bag.
Profile of a young man with fair skin, dark hair and short haircut, wearing eye glasses. He wears a white colour tshirt with black and white jacket on top of it with a pair of blue coloured denim pants. he is holding something in white in his left arm, probably a pack of files or a white shopping bag.
A school going boy, probably in his teenage, with brown short hair, wearing black coloured Polo tshirt with a large white X printed on it. He wears glasses for his eyes. He is wearing beige or light brown coloured pants and a pair of white shoes with red laces. He carries a black bag on his right shoulder.
A tall guy, looking young and thin, with dark hair but short hairstyle, wearing black full sleeve sweatshirt with a pair of blue denim shorts. He is wearing light colour shoes. He is carrying a black and pink coloured backpack. He appears to be wearing eye glasses.
A very tall and lean man, with short and dark hair, wearing spectacles and walking casually in his casual wear. He is wearing black tee with a white and black zipper jacket on top of it which has horizontal lines on it. He is wearing light brown coloured shorts. He wears light colour sandals. He is carrying a beige or brown coloured bag on his right shoulder.
This is a profile of a tall and young boy, who appears to be talking to his friend while he walks. He is wearing blue full sleeve shirt with a pair of dark coloured pants. He is wearing white shoes with dark coloured laces. He may be wearing eye glasses. He is carrying a black cross body bag on his left shoulder.
A photo of a small boy, probably in his mid teens, wearing green and black large jacket with a pair of dark coloured shorts or pants. He has dark hair, and his hair is short. He has wheatish skin tone. He may be carrying a backpack.
A young male, with dark coloured hair and short hairstyle, walking while he is sipping his coffee or a cold drink. He wears a blue coloured tshirt with white logo printed on it. He is wearing grey coloured trousers. He is carrying a grey backpack on his back and his wearing grey shoes.
A cute, plumpy and short woman, with long, wavy and dark hair, wearing blue coloured tshirt with white prints on it. She wears a black or some other dark coloured coat above that. Her jeans are dark coloured, probably black or charcoal. She is wearing black and white coloured shoes. She may be carrying a bag on her right shoulder and holding a small water bottle in her left hand. She has a wrist watch, white in colour, tied on her left hand.
This man appears to be very tall and lean but looks very young, with short hair, dark hair colour, wearing a black coloured loose jacket and a pair of black coloured pants. He is wearing black or grey coloured shoes. He is carrying a dark coloured back pack, probably a black coloured one. He appears to be smiling.
A very young boy, mostly in his mid teens, with dark and short hair, wearing white coloured hoodie jacket with a pair of black coloured slim fit jeans. He is wearing black coloured shoes with white soles. He carries a white colour shopping bag on his left shoulder with black colour letters written on it.
This is a picture of a boy with dark hair and short hair cut, wearing black coloured full sleeve tee with white coloured horizontal lines printed on it. He is dark skinned and he is carrying a black or dark coloured bag on his right shoulder. He wears light colour pants.
A normal, average person wearing white colour shirt with a pair of beige or grey coloured trousers. He is wearing grey coloured shoes with dark coloured laces. He has short and dark colour hair. He is carrying a black colour bag in his left hand.
A profile of a tall, well build man with dark and short hair, wearing red and black hoodie jacket with a pair of black colour knee length shorts. He is wearing black slippers. He carries a black coloured backpack on his right shoulder.
This appears to be a very young boy, probably in his teens, wearing white polo tshirt with grey sleeves and grey horizontal lines on it, with dark coloured shorts. He has dark short hair. He is carrying a big book in his left hand and a black coloured bag on his right shoulder. He is holding something like a bag in his right arm.
This picture is of a school going girl, probably in her mid teens, wearing red and beige coloured top with a pair of dark coloured pants. She is carrying a black backpack on her back and a small bag in her right hand. Her hair is dark, long and wavy.
A mid aged woman's picture while she walks. She should be around 30 to 40 years old. She has a nice hair cut, with dark hair. She wears white tee with a pair of beige or grey trousers. She wears some dark coloured shoes or sandals.
A cute, short girl with wavy, long and dark hair, wearing red or pink coloured tshirt with white colour prints on it. She wears a pair of dark colour jeans and black and white shoes, which should be a canvas. She carries a dark coloured bag on her right shoulder.
This man looks like an Asian with dark coloured, short hair, wearing ash coloured tshirt with black neckline and black and white checked shorts. He wears red or black coloured slippers. He is holding a set of papers in his right hand.
Young male with dark hair and nice short hair cut, wearing white and red polo tshirt with a pair of beige full length trousers. He is wearing white and black shoes, probably a Nike. He is carrying a blue and black backpack on his left shoulder.
Image of an average guy, with dark and short hair, wearing purple or blue coloured tshirt with beige coloured shorts. He appears to be wearing white colour shoes. He carries a backpack on his back which is black in colour. He also carries a black colour shopping bag in his right hand.
A tall, young man, who wears black coloured full sleeve coat with a pair of black coloured pants. He also wears black colour shoes. He has dark and short hair. He carries a black bag which looks like a laptop bag.
A medium build girl with long, dark hair, wearing grey or white coloured sweater with a pair of black coloured jeans and she is wearing dark coloured shoes. She appears to be wearing spectacles. She may be carrying a light coloured bag on her right shoulder.
This is a photo of a young woman, with dark, long hair, wearing a ponytail and carrying a green coloured backpack. She wears a brown or olive coloured jacket with a pair of beige coloured skinny trousers. She is wearing black and white coloured. shoes.
A tall Asian woman, probably in her late twenties or early thirties, wearing beige or yellow colour top with designs printed on it, with a pair of blue or black coloured jeans. She has dark and straight hair. She wears white colour shoes. She carries a white colour shoulder bag on her right shoulder.
A person with dark skin tone, dark hair and is not facing the camera. He has short hair. He wears a white tee with black coloured pants. He is carrying a grey and beige coloured backpack on his back which looks little heavy.
A teenage boy with short and dark hair, wearing blue tshirt with white logo printed on it, with a grey coloured jacket, and a pair of black coloured jeans or pants. He is wearing dark coloured shoes. He appears to be wearing eye glasses.
This appears to be a lady in her thirties, with short and black hair, wearing black colour tee with a pair of grey coloured ankle length pants. She is wearing dark coloured slippers. She wears a watch in her left wrist. She carries a black bag in her right arm.
Profile of a man in his mid twenties, with short hair cut and the hair colour is dark. He is wearing black jacket with blue or violet coloured scarf around the neck, with a pair of beige coloured full pants. He is wearing dark coloured boots. He appears to be carrying a green or white with black coloured backpack.
A very skinny girl with pale skin tone and long, straight and dark hair, wearing red coloured full sleeve tshirt with white coloured horizontal stripes on it. She is wearing dark grey coloured jeans with a pair of black and white canvas shoes. She appears to be wearing eye glasses.
This is a picture of a young guy with dark coloured hair, cut short, wearing white coloured hoodie jacket with a pair of dark coloured trousers. He is carrying a grey coloured light weight back pack on his back.
A stylish tall man, with spiked hair style, wearing black coloured shirt with a pair of black coloured shorts. He is wearing white coloured sports shoes. He is carrying a black backpack on his back. He is wearing sunglasses. His hair is dark in colour.
A man who appears to be slightly fat but fit, with dark and short hairstyle, wearing black or brown coloured tshirt with a pair of dark coloured jeans. he is wearing black and white shoes. He is carrying a black coloured shoulder bag on his left shoulder, and a black coloured bag in his right arm.
This man looks very tall and very thin, with dark and short hair, wearing blue coloured full sleeve shirt with a pair of dark coloured trousers. He is wearing dark coloured shoes. He is carrying a black or grey coloured bag in his left arm. He is looking at something in his right hand, probably his mobile phone.
A fair skin toned man, with dark hair colour, wearing off-white full sleeve tshirt with golden or brown colour letters printed on it, with a pair of white coloured full trousers. He is wearing light colour shoes. He is carrying a black or dark coloured backpack on his back, a big, white, polythene bag in his left arm and a green colour soft drink bottle in his right hand.
A slender, young man, with short and dark hair, wearing light green coloured polo tshirt with black coloured horizontal lines on it. He is wearing dark coloured jean pants with a pair of dark coloured shoes. He is carrying a white or grey with black coloured backpack with checked designs on it.
A man casually walking in his casual wear, with grey tshirt and a pair of black and white checked shorts. He is wearing some light colour flat slippers. His hair is dark in colour and is cut short.
An old man with grey hair, half bald head, wearing white shirt with a pair of beige or brown coloured trousers. He is wearing spectacles. He is carrying something in his left hand, probably a laptop bag. He is wearing a dark coloured belt for his pants.
A medium build, tall person wearing black and grey full sleeve tshirt with thick horizontal stripes on it with a pair of blue coloured jeans. He is wearing black coloured shoes. He is carrying a grey coloured bag on his back and his checking his phone while he is walking. He has dark and short hair.
A slim man, with dark and short hair, who appears to be talking on his phone. He is wearing full sleeve slim fit shirt with a pair of black or dark grey pants. He is carrying a black coloured shoulder bag on his right shoulder.
A quite tall man, with dark coloured hair, wearing white colour tee with a pair of dark denim pants. He wears white colour shoes. His hair is cut short. He is carrying black coloured backpack on his back.
This man looks like he is checking messages or calls on his phone while he is walking. He has dark and short hair. He wears yellow coloured tshirt with a pair of dark coloured jeans or shorts. He is carrying a sling bag on his left shoulder, that is probably black or brown in colour.
A teenage boy, probably in his late teens, wearing black and white hoodie shirt with huge checks. He is wearing dark coloured pants. He has black coloured hair, and his hair appears to be cut short. He may be holding something with his hands that is not visible.
Young woman who is elegantly dressed in ash colour top with red colour jacket with a pair of blue or grey jeans, and red and white shoes. Her hair is long, dark and straight. She is wearing round shaped eye glasses. She is carrying a shoulder bag, probably red or brown in colour, on her right shoulder.
A random man who looks lean and tall, with white tshirt and a pair of dark coloured pants or jeans. He wears grey or white coloured shoes. He has black hair and it is very short. He carries a black colour backpack on his right shoulder. He is holding something in his left hand, probably a water bottle. He is wearing a black watch on his left wrist.
Profile of a guy in his early twenties or late teens, with dark and short hair, wearing eye glasses with dark frames. He is wearing white tshirt with a pair of white pants. He may be carrying a black coloured bag on his left shoulder.
Picture of a man wearing ash or grey coloured loose sweatshirt with hoodie, with black letters printed on it. He is wearing a pair of black coloured track pants. His shoes are white in colour. He is carrying a black colour cross body bag on his left shoulder. His hair is cut short, with dark hair colour.
A pretty young girl, with long, dark and straight hair, wearing spectacles. She sports a long white top with a black and red coloured jacket. She wears dark coloured pants with dark coloured shoes. She may be carrying a red coloured backpack on her back.
A young boy with very pale skin tone, with dark and short hairstyle, wearing black and ash coloured full sleeve tee with a pair of black jeans. He is wearing some red or pink coloured shoes. He carries a black coloured shoulder bag on his right shoulder.
A Profile of a man walking while he checks on his phone with his right hand and holds a water bottle in his left hand. He is wearing black tee with a dark coloured checked shirt on top of the tshirt, with a pair of black track pants with white coloured stripes on the sides. He wears grey coloured shoes. His hair is short and black, and he is wearing eye glasses.
A little fat man, with dark and short hair. He is wearing a tshirt with two shades of blue, dark blue on the top and light blue in the bottom of the tshirt. He wears red coloured shorts. he is wearing red shoes with white designs on it.
A neatly dressed young woman in her twenties, wearing black and grey coloured top with black coat on it with a pair of black leggings and black shoes. Her hair is dark, long and straight. She carries a brown or pink coloured leather bag on her right shoulder.
This picture looks like a woman with dark and short hair, wearing green coloured full sleeve shirt with a pair of blue coloured denim pants. She is carrying something like a red coloured bag or food pack in her right hand. Her shoes are not visible.
A lady with dark, straight hair, wearing white colour tshirt with golden or brown colour designs printed on it, with a blue colour collared shirt on it. She is wearing a pair of black coloured track pants and red colour shoes. She is holding something like a bag in her right arm and a blue colour water bottle.
Very thin man, wearing white tshirt with black or blue colour prints on it. He wears a pair of black coloured pants and a pair of white shoes. He carries a black shoulder bag on his right shoulder and a black laptop bag in his left hand.
A plumpy girl, probably around her mid twenties, with dark, straight hair, wearing brown or orange coloured long top with a pair of black coloured leggings. She is wearing a black colour long jacket. She carries a beige or green coloured bag on her left shoulder and a polythene bag in her right arm. She is holding something like a paper or cloth in her left hand. She wears beige coloured flat shoes.
A dark skinned girl, who appears quite tall with dark and long hair, wearing pink or red tshirt with cartoon designs printed on it. She is wearing dark colour pants. She wears black and white coloured shoes, probably a canvas. She carries a red or pink with black coloured backpack. She is carrying a polythene bag in her left arm, probably a food bag. She is wearing a silver or white coloured watch on her left wrist.
Short and nice looking lady with pop hair cut, wearing a white top with a pair of dark blue jeans and white and black shoes. Her hair is black in colour. She carries a white shoulder bag on her left shoulder.
Young girl in blue polo tshirt with a pair of blue coloured jeans, wearing black and white canvas shoes. She has long, straight and dark hair. She walks with a smile. She wears a silver colour bracelet or a watch on her left wrist. She carries a black coloured backpack on her right shoulder.
A medium build man in his early thirties, with dark and short hair, wearing black colour collared jacket with a pair of grey coloured trousers. He is wearing grey or white coloured shoes with red coloured laces. He appears to be wearing eye glasses.
A tall and lean Asian, who appears to be dull and tired, wearing black tshirt with a white chest pocket, and a pair of grey cargo shorts. His hair is dark in colour. He wears light colour slippers. He is carrying something in his left arm, probably a food bag and a big back pack, black in colour on his back.
A medium build man with dark skin tone, dark hair, wearing purple tshirt with a pair of dark coloured pants or shorts. He is carrying a red and black backpack on his back. His hair appears to be short.
A really thin and average looking girl, wearing long white top with black designs printed on it, probably a design of two birds sitting on a branch. She is wearing black tights with a pair of dark colour shoes with white laces. She has long and brown hair, her hair appears to be straight. She carries a dark coloured bag on her left shoulder.
Profile of a woman who appears very thin, probably an Asian in her mid twenties, wearing black or some dark coloured top with grey or blue coloured coat. She wears a pair of dark colour jeans with white shoes. She has straight and dark hair. She carries a white shoulder bag with red colour prints on it on her left shoulder.
A girl who faces the camera while she is walking, wearing black colour long top with a pair of black leggings. She is wearing white coloured ankle length shoes. She has dark and long, straight hair. She is carrying a white bag on her left shoulder.
A young, slender woman, looks very tall and fair, with long and dark hair, wearing eye glasses with dark frames. She wears white or light blue long winter top with a pair of grey or off white pants. She carries a dark coloured backpack. She has a wrist watch or bracelet tied in her left wrist.
Image of a woman in her late twenties, speaking on the phone to someone. She wears black colour slim fit tee shirt with a pair of dark coloured skinny jeans. She carries a white coloured shoulder bag on her right shoulder. She has dark hair and she appears to be wearing eye glasses.
A cute girl wearing red and white short skirt with a black colour half sleeve top. She is wearing black coloured high heeled boots. She has long, straight and black hair. She carries a hand bag on her left arm. Her face is not visible in the camera.
This is a fit, young man, wearing black coloured polo tee with a pair of dark coloured jeans. His hair is dark and short. He appears to be wearing a wrist watch in his right hand wrist. He may be carrying a black bag on his left shoulder.
Lean girl who looks tall, with pop hair cut and her hair appears dark. She is wearing white tshirt with colourful round shaped logo on it with a red jacket above that and a pair of blue or grey jeans. She appears to be carrying a light weight backpack.
This is a photo of a tall and skinny man, who appears to be talking on his mobile phone and smiles, while he is walking with his black coloured shoulder bag on his left shoulder. He is wearing blue colour shirt with a pair of dark coloured jeans. His hair is short and brown in colour.
A stout girl, with fair skin tone, with dark and short hair, wearing black coloured tee with white coloured prints on it. She wears dark coloured jeans and a pair of white coloured shoes. She is carrying a green and black backpack on her back.
Picture of a young lady, probably in her mid twenties, with curly, dark hair, wearing beige coloured dress with grey colour coat on it. She wears brown coloured high heeled sandals. She carries a large black coloured hand bag in her right hand and a small bag in her left hand, probably a food bag.
A young and tall woman, with very fair skin tone, dark coloured hair which appears straight and long, walks while she laughs. She wears white or off white long top with grey coloured mini shorts. She wears some dark colour shoes. She may be carrying a bag on her right shoulder.
A young, beautiful looking girl, with wavy brown and long hair, walking while she talks to somebody. She appears to be smiling. She is wearing black top with white neckline and a grey or off-white coat on it. She wears a pair of blue denim pants and some dark colour shoes. She carries a black hand bag on her left shoulder.
An average looking man with short hair, which is coloured dark. He is wearing blue coloured tshirt with a grey jerkin on top of it. He is wearing black coloured jeans with a pair of brown or grey coloured shoes. He carries a black colour bag in his left arm, which should be a laptop bag.
This man appears to be tall and slim, and it looks like he is walking fast. He is wearing round shaped spectacles and a pair of beige coloured loafers. He wears black tshirt with a black jacket on it and grey coloured shorts. He has black coloured hair and it appears short.
A man is walking and curiously checking something in his hands, probably a mobile phone. His hair is dark and short. He wears a black tee and a pair of grey trousers. He is wearing red colour shoes, probably canvas. He carries blue coloured shoulder bag on his left shoulder.
A slightly chubby girl, in hear early twenties, wearing pale green coloured collared sweatshirt with a pair of black coloured leggings or jeggings. She is wearing pink coloured socks and pink coloured shoes. She wears a long metal chain around her neck. She has got pop hair style and her hair colour appears to be dark.
Medium build woman, wearing white tshirt with black or some dark colour horizontal stripes on it. She wears a black coloured coat on top of the tshirt with a pair of black coloured leggings. She is wearing white colour shoes. She may be carrying a backpack which may be black in colour.
A pale skinned Asian man, wearing dark colour framed eye glasses, with half of his head shaved. His hair colour appears to be dark. He is wearing black and white checked shirt with a pair of black coloured jeans. He is wearing brown colour leather shoes. He has a watch tied to his left wrist.
This man appears to be wearing eye glasses. He has short but silky and dark hair. He wears a grey coloured Polo tshirt with a pair of grey or blue coloured denim pants. He is wearing a watch on his left wrist and is carrying a black backpack. He is holding something in his right hand, probably a roll of files or papers.
An Asian woman, elegantly dressed with white coloured short dress with a light blue denim coat on it. She has her hair tied in to a ponytail, and her hair colour is black. She is carrying a black and red hand bag in her right arm.
This woman is dressed up in pink colour full sleeve sweatshirt and a pair of dark coloured leggings. She is wearing red coloured ankle length shoes. She has long, wavy and brown coloured hair. She carries a shopping bag in her right hand.
A cutely dressed young woman, probably in her early twenties, with dark, long, straight hair. She wears white colour top with black coloured cardigan on it with a pair of white or light blue coloured mini shorts. She wears black coloured flat shoes. She carries a white or grey sling bag on her right shoulder.
Picture of a man with a really tired and sad face, who faces the camera while he walks. He wears a black sweatshirt with white text that reads CHINA on it. He wears a pair of grey coloured cargo pants. He is wearing dark coloured shoes. His hair is short and black. He may be wearing spectacles.
This girl, with fair skin tone, probably an Asian, walking while she wipes her face or eyes. She appears to be wearing a watch on her left wrist. She wears a white coloured tee with black prints on it and beige or light blue coloured jeans. She wears high heeled shoes. She has dark and long hair. She carries a grey or white jacket on her right arm and a black bag on her back.
Image of an ordinary guy, walking with a black huge backpack on his back. He is wearing blue and white large checked shirt with a pair of black coloured trousers. His shoes appear to be dark with white soles. He has dark coloured hair and it is cut short.
A simple, average man, with grey colour hoodie jacket and black coloured track pants, wearing very basic white coloured flat slippers. He is dressed up casually and his hair is short and dark. He appears to be holding something with his hands.
A plumpy little man, looking short and chubby, with short and black coloured hair, wearing grey coloured large jacket with a pair of dark coloured jeans. He is wearing black coloured shoes. He carries a black backpack on his back. He is standing with both his hands inserted in to his pants' pockets.
A casually dressed boy, in his teens, wearing blue and white coloured checked shirt with half sleeves with a pair of dark coloured jeans. His hair is short and the hair colour is black. He is carrying a red and black backpack.
A young guy, probably in his mid twenties with dark skin tone, dark and short hair, wearing sunglasses and walking in his black coloured shoes. He is wearing pink coloured tee with a pair of grey or off white pants. He is carrying a cross body bag, that is off white in colour with black text printed on it.
A young, not so short kind of guy, wearing blue colour tee with a pair of beige or off white coloured trousers. He is wearing white and black coloured shoes. He has dark and short hair. He is carrying a white and black coloured backpack.
Photo of a tall, skinny man who has dark hair and the hair is cut short. He appears to be wearing eye glasses. He carries a black bag in his right hand, probably a laptop bag. He wears white full hand shirt with a pair of black jeans. His shoes are dark. He carries a blue bag on his back.
A chic girl, dressed beautifully in black coloured full sleeve sweatshirt with a pair of blue or grey denim mini shorts. She has a nice hair cut, short and clean, and her hair colour appears to be dark brown. She carries white colour shoulder bag on her right shoulder.
This man who has brown, messy hair, appears to be tall and fit. He is wearing blue colour tshirt with a pair of black or grey coloured shorts. He is wearing grey or white shoes. He carries a dark green or teal coloured backpack on his back.
A dark skinned man, with dark coloured hair, wearing a black coloured tshirt with a pair of some dark colour trousers. He is carrying a red coloured backpack on his back. His hair appears to be short. He has something in white inserted into his bag, may be a water bottle.
Slender, tall woman, with pop hair cut, where her hair appears dark in colour. She wears an off white top with a pair of blue coloured denim pants. She is wearing light coloured shoes. She carries something in her left arm, probably an Umbrella.
Picture of a skinny, tall man who appears to be carrying a dark coloured backpack on his back. He is wearing white coloured tee with black colour abstract designs on it. He wears a pair of black or grey jeans. He is wearing black colour shoes with white soles. He has a wrist watch tied on his left wrist. His hair is short and dark.
An elegant woman with long dark hair, wearing eye glasses, walking with her white colour headphones on, hearing music through her mobile phone or iPod that she holds with her right hand. She is wearing some dark colour tee with a blue and white striped jacket on it. she wears blue jeans with a pair of black shoes. She carries a black coloured backpack.
She appears to be a young girl with black, long hair and the hair appears straight and ironed. She wears white colour top with black colour prints on it with black coloured skirt. She carries a dark colour hand bag on her left shoulder and a water bottle in her right hand.
This is a picture of a man who wipes his nose while he walks. He has short and black hair. He wears a grey coloured tee with a black coloured leather jacket on top of it, with a pair of black coloured track pants and red coloured sports shoes. He is wearing a watch on his right wrist.
This girl appears tall and young, probably an Asian with black, straight hair, wearing long white and black designer top with green colour overcoat and a pair of black or dark coloured leggings. She wears a pink colour watch on her left wrist. She is wearing spectacles.
A slim and slender, young girl, with slightly messy but long and dark hair, probably running with her black shoes on. She wears purple coloured top with a pair of blue jeans. She carries purple and black trekking kind of back pack. She is holding something like a set of papers in her left arm.
A middle aged man who looks half bald, and his hair colour black, wears spectacles. He is wearing white or light blue coloured shirt with full sleeves and a pair of black or dark blue coloured pants. He is wearing a waist belt dark in colour. He has folded his hands in the front. He is carrying a black coloured bag on his back.
This is a photo of a young man with dark and short, bouncy hair who is not actually facing the camera. He is wearing black or brown full hand shirt with black or brown trousers. He is wearing white coloured shoes. He carries a black coloured backpack which looks heavy.
A young boy, probably in his late teens, checking on his phone with his right hand while he is walking. He wears blue colour tee with white letters printed on it. He is wearing grey colour pants. He wears blue or black coloured shoes. He carries a black or blue coloured backpack. He is wearing a wrist watch on his left arm.
This girl looks very slim and nice with a dark, long her with a ponytail. She wears white full sleeve tshirt with a pair of black full pants. She wears light colour sandals. She carries a black colour huge backpack.
An average, young man, wearing casual dress with grey coloured jacket and white coloured loose pants. He is wearing red or brown coloured shoes. He has dark and short hair. He is carrying a black backpack on his back.
A girl who appears thin with wavy, long, dark hair. She wears some light coloured top with a pair of dark coloured jeans. She carries a dark coloured bag on her left shoulder. Her shoes are not visible. She is not facing the camera.
A man in complete black wear, wearing black shirt with a pair of black pants and black shoes. He carries a backpack which appears to be in black in colour. He has dark skin tone. His hair appears to be black in colour and it is short.
A college going girl, probably around 20 years of age, with brown, straight hair, wearing green top with white coloured sleeves and a dark coloured capri pants. She is wearing black coloured shoes. She is holding a black coloured book with her right arm. She carries a pink coloured handbag on her left shoulder. She is wearing a silver colour bracelet or watch on her left wrist.
An ordinary girl in casual wear, wearing white tee with a pair of grey coloured casual pants and white coloured shoes. Her hair is straight and black. She carries a multi-colour hand bag on her right shoulder with some text written on it.
A medium build, young man, with short hair and the hair appears dark. He wears white colour tshirt with a pair of dark coloured pants. He is wearing some light coloured shoes. He carries a grey and black big backpack.
An average man in his early thirties, in full black wear, with full sleeve black shirt with a pair of black coloured trousers. He has black and short hair. He is carrying a black backpack on his back.
A chic girl, cutely dressed in pink tank top with black and white jacket with a pair of black coloured skinny jeans. She has long straight and dark hair. She carries a white sling bag. She appears to be an Asian.
A slightly fat girl with a chubby face, long and dark hair, wearing spectacles and holding a set of books in her right hand. She wears a green or grey coloured top with black colour coat on it. She is wearing brown or grey coloured jeans and black shoes with white laces. She may be carrying a bag on her right shoulder.
A tall and slim Asian girl with very fair skin tone, wearing blue colour full dress with white designs, and blue colour coat on top of the dress. She is wearing black coloured socks and some black and white shoes. She has a beautiful brown and long hair. She carries a brown or red colour shoulder bag on her right shoulder. She wears eye glasses. She has a wrist watch tied on her left hand.
A very skinny looking girl, smiling as she walks with her grey tshirt on which has black colour letters on it. She wears a black colour cardigan on top of the grey tshirt. She wears a pair of dark colour jeans and dark colour shoes. She is carrying a black shoulder bag on her right shoulder. Her hair appears silky, straight and brown in colour.
Appears to be a school going boy in his late teens, with short and black hair, wearing black tee shirt with a pair of dark colour trousers. He is carrying black colour backpack with white border lines in it. He has his hands inserted in to the pockets of his pants.
A man with dark and short hair, curiously looking at something through his black colour framed eye glasses. He is wearing white tee with black colour design on it, with black and white checked jacket on top of it. He is wearing a pair of dark colour pants and light colour shoes. He is carrying a black or some dark colour bag on his right shoulder.
Looks like a skinny woman with fair skin tone and dark long hair, wearing blue shirt with blue scarf with black colour coat on it. She wears very light colour trousers and is wearing pink colour shoes. She carries a black colour bag with her right hand.
A nice looking, young girl, with straight smooth hair, probably brown coloured, wearing black long top with grey or beige long winter coat upon that. She wears a pair of black leggings with white shoes. She carries beige or white colour shoulder bag on her left shoulder and is wearing a watch on her left wrist. She looks like she is wearing spectacles.
Picture of a young, tall and skinny boy, wearing round shaped eye glasses. He has short and dark hair. He wears black colour tshirt with white colour logo on it. He wears a black colour jacket on top of the tshirt. He is wearing a pair of grey colour pants. He is carrying a dark colour bag in his right hand.
A middle aged man, probably in his forties, wearing green coloured full sleeved shirt with a pair of dark grey pants. His hair is slightly grey and it is short. His shoes are not visible. His face is not visible to the camera.
Picture of a stout woman wearing green polo tshirt, with grey colour jacket on it, with a pair of grey trousers. She is wearing grey colour shoes. She has dark short hair. She carries a set of books or files in her right hand.
A boy in his teenage, wearing red or black colour, round shaped eye glasses. He wears red colour zipper jacket with a pair of grey jeans. He is wearing black colour shoes. He is carrying a black or brown backpack on his right shoulder.
Photo of a tall, young boy, should be around his teenage, wearing white colour tee with black colour designs printed on it. He is wearing black colour shorts and a pair of white colour shoes. He is carrying a black colour or blue colour backpack on his back. He is holding a book or file in his right arm. He has short hair which appears black.
A well dressed man, probably in his twenties, wearing eye glasses and a pair of black adidas shoes. His hair is black and short. He wears white tshirt with a black coat on top of it. He is wearing a pair of green shorts. He is carrying a brown or black colour leather bag in his right arm.
This is a picture of a slender, young man, wearing blue shirt with a pair of grey colour pants and white colour shoes. He has dark and short hair. He carries a black colour bag on his back and is walking slow.
A skinny, unhealthy looking man, with very short hair, and the hair looks dark. He is wearing grey colour tshirt with a pair of beige colour trousers. He is wearing white colour shoes. He carries a black backpack on his back.
A pretty, young lady with long, straight hair, wearing grey or blue tank top with black colour full sleeve coat on it, with a pair of black leggings and short skirt on top of it. Her tank top has white colour logo on it. She wears pink or red colour shoes. She appears to be wearing a long chain or something like that.
A short Asian man, with messy and dark hair, wearing white tee and black colour jacket on top of it, with a pair of black colour pants. His shoes are grey in colour. He carries a cross body bag that is black in colour. He wears a watch on his left wrist.
A neatly dressed, young girl, probably in her twenties, with straight, long hair, wearing black colour tshirt with a pair of pale blue jeans. She carries something like a bag with her right arm. She carries a hand bag on her left shoulder.
Very tall man who appears to me slender with an average build, walks with his brown colour jacket on with a pair of grey colour trousers. He wears brown or grey colour shoes. He has black and short hair. He is carrying a grey colour bag on his left shoulder.
Profile of a person who is not facing the camera. He is wearing green coloured full sleeve shirt with a pair of dark coloured trousers. He wears something like a cap that covers his head and is blue in colour. He is carrying a grey backpack.
A young man, with mushroom like hairstyle, walking with a smile on his face. He carries a set of books in his left arm and something like a pen in his right arm. He wears a blue tshirt which has the text Evolution written on it in white. He is wearing dark colour pants.
A tall and very skinny guy, walking with a roll of papers in his right arm. He has very short, dark hair. He wears eye glasses. He is wearing grey colour tshirt with black colour prints on it. He wears a pair of blue jeans and dark coloured shoes.
An average girl with long, straight, dark hair, wearing a green or blue colour anti-pollution mask on her face. She is wearing grey colour loose tshirt which has the text SHAKE on it in black. She wears dark colour leggings or skinny jeans. She is wearing white coloured shoes. She carries black colour hand bag on her left shoulder.
A young man with slim body, with dark short hair, wearing metallic frame eye glasses. He is wearing violet colour tshirt with a pair of dark coloured jeans. He wears grey colour shoes. He carries black colour backpack on his back which looks heavy.
A man with dark skin tone whose face is not visible to the camera. He has his hair cut short and it is black in colour. He wears dark colour, some brown or grey coloured tshirt with a pair of dark colour pants. He carries a blue and black backpack.
Profile of a man with average body build, wearing black colour tshirt with some golden or white colour text printed on it. He is wearing grey or black colour shorts. He carries a black and white backpack. He wears some black colour shoes. His hair is dark and short. He is wearing a wrist watch, black in colour on his left wrist.
Skinny and tall Asian wearing white tee with black colour print of a man on it. He wears a pair of dark colour jeans and dark colour shoes. He has black and short hair. He carries a white colour coat or some garment in his left hand and a black colour bag on his right shoulder.
Looks like a thin, young man, with dark, short hair, wearing black colour jacket with grey or beige colour shorts. He wears red colour shoes with white coloured laces and soles. He wears oval shaped spectacles. He appears to be wearing a wrist watch on his left arm.
A short man with dark and spiky hair, probably an Asian, wearing white tshirt with black colour quilted winter jacket on it, with a pair of dark colour pants. He wears black framed eye glasses. His hair is short.
An Asian woman with dark hair, wearing white shirt with a black colour coat on it. She wears a pair of blue denim pants. She carries a red or brown coloured shoulder bag on her right shoulder. She may be carrying a white colour shopping bag in her left arm.
This is a photo of a woman who looks tall and slim and is not facing the camera. She is wearing a pair of flat slippers. She wears black tshirt and black colour shorts. She carries black colour handbag in her right shoulder.
A quite blurred picture of a slim male walking away from the camera. He has short, dark hair and is wearing flip flops with shorts that might be grey or black, and a white top with a wine red print on the back. He has a black bag slung over his shoulder to hand low on his back.
A man in a wheelchair is wearing a dark cap, probably black, and glasses with a dark frame. He has a bright green golf shirt with short sleeves on, with black trousers, white socks and black shoes. He has a black sling bag over his right shoulder and resting on his lap.
A young girl is smiling as she walks towards the camera. She is wearing a short, flaring green dress with white sleeves. She paired with with black tights and black and white sneakers. her large handbag is hanging from her right shoulder, and her dark brown hair is shoulder length with a fringe and flipped out tips.
A picture of a person with layered, shoulder length black hair. He is wearing a white t-shirt, white three quarter trousers and has a black bag strapped over his right shoulder towards his left hip. He appears to be holding something in his right hand.
An elderly lady with a light brown sling bag is walking towards the camera, wearing a white t-shirt with a dark grey and black print on the chest. She is wearing long black trousers and has a wristwatch or bracelet on her left arm, while she's holding on to her bag's strap with her left hand. Her black hair is cut short but still covers her ears.
A skinny male with longish dark brown hair is walking towards the camera. He is wearing a black t-shirt, that has a large grey picture on the front, with long white sleeves underneath, a dark blue bag slung across his torso from the right shoulder and tight fitting black trousers with black shoes.
A skinny man with very short black hair and glasses is showing his back to the camera, with his hands in his trouser pockets. He is wearing black slip-on shoes, a black t-shirt and grey, baggy shorts reaching to his knees, with extra pockets on the sides and black lines going both down and across.
A slim lady with long black hair is wearing a red top with a white t-shirt sticking out underneath. She has tight black or dark blue jeans on with red and white sneakers, and has her arms folded in front of her.
A tall medium build boy with short hair is wearing a green t-shirt and white stripes black 3/4th trousers. He has a back pack turned towards his front and might be holding book in his hand and is about to keep it inside the bag. His t-shirt has written a word "B" in white color. He wears black and white canvas shoes.
none
A skinny young boy with a black cap on his head is walking away from the camera. He is wearing an overly large grey t-shirt, tight black trousers and black running shoes with white soles and laces. His hair, from what's visible under the cap seems to be very dark, either brown or black, and cut short.
A boy with flip flops and a large black backpack is looking at something held in his right hand. He is wearing an over sized grey sweater with a hood, and has the sleeves pushed up. He has dark, knee-length shorts on, either black or dark grey, with longish black hair.
A tall, skinny lady with black curly hair pulled back in a ponytail is walking away from the camera carrying something that looks like a brown bag in both hands in front of her chest. She is wearing a black jersey, dark grey, tight-fitting trousers and black shoes.
A picture of a petite lady with short bob, black hair and a large white bag over her right shoulder walking away from the camera. She is wearing a white t-shirt with a black crop top with short sleeves over, tight black or navy blue trousers and what looks like white shoes, but might be light grey or silver.
An elderly man with thinning grey hair is slightly stooped as he walks. He has black shoes, light brown or grey trousers and a black t-shirt with a white logo in the left top corner and white stripes on the shoulders. He is carrying a white book or stack of papers in his right hand.
A skinny man, probably young, has his back to the photographer. He is wearing a light grey t-shirt with black trousers rolled up to the calves and white and black sneakers. He is carrying a large black backpack and has short black hair.
An athletic looking young man with black hair is looking to his right as he walks, he is wearing large white shoes, black or very dark green shorts and a blue t-shirt with a light grey picture on the back. His black bag is slung over his right shoulder and he is wearing sunglasses.
A tall woman with a medium build, with short hair and dark glasses, pushed up on her head, wearing a white shirt over a full sleeved black jacket and tight black jeans. She is wearing pair blue flats. She might be holding something in her hands which cannot be seen in the image.
A tall, thin woman with dark, long hair is wearing a full sleeved gray jacket, purple skirt, and a black bottom. She is wearing a brown handbag on her left shoulder and she has her hands in her jacket pockets. She is walking slowly in a pair of white canvas shoes.
A thin girl, possibly tall, with dark long hair and a pair of glasses on her face, is wearing a full sleeve gray or light purple jacket, black bottom, and black shoes. She is holding a white handbag with red straps on her left hand. She probably is holding her mobile phone in her hand.
A thinly built, tall girl with dark long hair, looking to her right, away from the camera is wearing a full sleeve black jacket and black bottom. She is also wearing a pair of black flats on her feet.
A profile of a medium build woman with dark short hair, probably in her middle ages, is wearing a pink long jacket and black bottom. She wears a handbag on her right hand which might be of black color. She also wears black canvas shoes on her legs.
A tall, thin man with very short hair, is wearing a gray t-shirt and a black jacket over it and blue jeans. He has a pair of glasses. He is holding some papers in his left hand. He also wears a pair of green shoes with white stripes.
The image shows a woman with her back to the camera, wearing probably a white top below a black jacket, with tight gray jeans. She is carrying a red sling bag with a white shoulder strap on her right shoulder.
A profile of a well-built, tall man with short spiky hair, probably in his middle ages. He looks like an Asian. He is wearing a V-Neck blue t-shirt and black jeans. He has an oval face with a sharp pointed nose.
A tall, thin, muscular boy is seen hurrying somewhere. His white short sleeved shirt is very loose for him like his gray trousers. He seems to carry his whole weight on his shoulders which may be the reason for his slouch. His white sports shoes look trendy.
A thinly built, tall man with dark short hair, well cut, has sharp features. His black t-shirt goes well with the dark gray jeans. He might probably be carrying a backpack on his back. He wears a pair of black canvas shoes and seems to be talking with his friend.
A thinly built boy with short hair is wearing a gray shirt and black pants. He seems to be involved in something that is happening around. He is wearing a black back pack on his back. He might be wearing black sports shoes.
A profile of a thin, tall girl with medium hair in a ponytail, she is wearing a pair of glasses on her face. Her white top with full sleeves is covered by her pink jacket. She is wearing black jeans. She is holding a brown handbag with black dots in her right hand.
A slim, tall girl with medium brownish hair is wearing full sleeve beige top and 3/4th black jeans. She wears black sports shoes, which is ankle length. She is holding a pink duffel bag in her left hand and wearing a black handbag on her right shoulder.
A profile of a thinly built tall woman with dark, long hair, is wearing a beige top and gray pants and black sandals. She is holding a brown handbag on her left shoulder and a laptop bag in her right hand. She seems to be in a chirpy mood indicated by her bright smile.
A slim girl with dark long hair and a pair of glasses on her face is wearing a white top with black jacket on it and light grey jeans. She is probably wearing a sling bag with pink straps that can be seen on her left shoulder. She also wears a pair of brown sandals.
A slim and tall girl with dark short hair is walking towards the right direction. She is wearing probably a white top and a light blue hoodie. She is swinging her hands as she is walking. She is carrying an orange bag on her shoulders. She wears a black trouser.
A tall, thin boy with short black hair is wearing a black t-shirt and blue jeans. He is wearing a black backpack on his back. He wears a pair of black shoes. He is probably holding a black jacket in his right hand. He has a big slouch.
A tall, thin man with short black hair is wearing a pair of glasses. He is also wearing a blue t-shirt and gray pants. He also wears a pair of black shoes. He is holding a water bottle in his left hand. He probably is holding some papers or carrying a bag on his right hand.
A profile of a medium build boy with short hair who is wearing a pair of glasses. He also wears a white t-shirt and black trousers. He wears white canvas shoes. He probably is wearing a black strap watch on his left hand and might be holding a bag with his right hand. He is walking along with another person in the image.
A slim, tall girl with long dark hair, wearing a red shirt with white stripes on it and black jeans. She might be wearing a pair of glasses. She probably is holding a book in her left hand and wearing a black backpack on her back. She also wears a pair of white sandals with red lace.
A tall, thinly built boy with short hair, wearing a black jacket and gray trousers. He might be wearing a white t-shirt inside the jacket. He wears brown shoes and a black backpack on his back. He probably is holding a laptop in his left hand and is having a drink in his right hand. He possibly has a watch on his left hand.
The person in the image is a slim woman .She has short black hair, wearing a white t-shirt and blue jeans. She wears a pair of glasses which is black framed. She might be holding a mobile phone or purse in her left hand and walking towards the right direction looking at the ground.
A profile of a thin build man with a pair of glasses on his face and short black hair. He is wearing a dark gray t-shirt and probably blue trousers. He might be wearing a laptop bag crossed from his right shoulder towards his back and holding a water bottle in his right hand.
A profile of a medium build man, probably middle-aged, and probably Asian. He wears a light colored half sleeve t-shirt, a pair of light-colored trousers, possibly light-yellow or beige, and dark shoes. He is wearing a pair of spectacles. He has short black hair.
A profile of a medium build man, probably middle-aged, and probably Asian. He wears a half sleeve blue t-shirt, a pair of dark-colored trousers, possibly dark-blue or black, and dark shoes. He has a phone in his left hand and is looking into it. He has short black hair.
A slim and short guy, perhaps in his twenties, is looking away from the camera. He is wearing a half sleeve blue t-shirt. He has dark short black hair. He is wearing light colored denim jeans. He wears white colored sneakers with black stripes. He is also wearing a pair of spectacles.
A profile of a very thin guy, probably a teenager, and possibly Asian. He wears a half sleeve black t-shirt, a pair of trousers, possibly green or gray. He is wearing a pair of white shoes. He is holding onto his phone in his right hand and looking into it. He has short black hair.
A profile of a lean guy, probably a teenager, and possibly Asian. He wears a half sleeve t-shirt, a pair of light-colored trousers, possibly light yellow or beige, and black shoes. He wears a pair of black framed spectacles. He has short black hair.
A slim girl, wearing a black half sleeve t-shirt is walking towards the right direction. She is carrying a white or beige handbag or purse in her left shoulder and carrying papers in her left hand. She is wearing dark gray formal pants and formal shoes probably black or brown. She is having dark black hair.
An old man, perhaps in his fifties wearing a multi-colored jacket is walking towards the right. He is wearing a pair of spectacles with a black frame. He is wearing a pair of dark trousers probably blown or black. He has a gray hair.
A profile of a medium build man, probably middle-aged, and probably Asian. He wears a white t-shirt and a dark green jacket, a pair of dark-colored trousers, possibly blue or black, and red shoes. He is carrying a black bag on his shoulder. He has dark black hair.
A slim young girl with flat facial features walking towards her left. She is dressed in a black jacket with white stripes on the sleeve. She has her hair tied in a high pony tail with bangs cut. She is looking at her phone as she is walking. She is carrying a red backpack and is wearing matching red sandals.
A lanky boy with a forward slouch, walking towards his right. He is wearing a light pink full sleeve shirt and formal trousers. He is carrying a black sling bag. He seems to have a sharp nose. His hairdo is a mushroom cut and he appears to have his hand on his chest.
A profile of a short boy, possibly Asian. He is wearing a light green t-shirt with black stripes. He is wearing dark brown knee length shorts. He is carrying a blue backpack with a black strap. He seems to be wearing a cap. His sandals appear to be a chocolate brown.
A tall and slim boy probably Asian, has small eyes and a flat nose with plump cheeks. He is attired in a sweatshirt which is a combination of dark and light gray. His jeans are black. He is carrying a big black shoulder bag and is facing towards his left.
A profile of a moderately built boy, probably Asian. He seems to have dark, silky hair and his eyes are covered by his hair. He is dressed in a bright red half sleeve t-shirt and a light gray trouser. He is holding what appears to be a tablet. His shoes are probably a matching bright red with white soles.
A short, young boy with flat features walking towards his right, appears to have silky, dark hair. His t-shirt is a white half sleeve and his jeans are a matching gray. He is carrying a big black bag on his right shoulder. His shoes appear to be a light brown color with white soles.
A young, lanky lad with a slight backward slouch walking towards his left. He is wearing a black jumper suit with white stripes on it and a light gray, boot cut trouser. His jumper appears to have a hoodie. He has mushroom cut hairdo and he appears to be Asian. He is talking over the phone as he is walking.
A tall, stylish woman walking towards her left, is attired in a white loose top with a black jacket and dark blue jeans. She has short hair with burgundy hair coloring. She has her lips tucked in as she is probably looking at her phone. She is holding a burgundy colored bag in her hand.
Profile of a young woman with short hair and a fringe hairdo, dressed in a black and white striped jumper. Her leggings are a full black. She is gazing towards her left as she is walking. She is carrying a bag in her right hand. She appears to be wearing glasses.
A slim, tall woman is wearing a black full sleeve top with a white pattern on the side and black, slim fit jeans. She has dark, medium length hair. She seems to be reading something as she is hurrying towards her left. It appears she is wearing black sandals.
A young, stylish girl dressed in a full-length sleeve top and slim fit black jeans. She has shoulder length hair. She is carrying a trendy black backpack. Her shoes are a bright red color with white soles. She appears to be wearing shades.
A profile of a middle aged man, probably of Asian origin. He is wearing a formal white shirt and formal black trousers. He seems to have a military hairdo. He has prominent ears. He seems to be putting something in his pocket. He has maybe a laptop bag hanging on his left shoulder.
A profile of a stylish, probably a middle-aged woman with dark, short hair. She seems to have a wide forehead and plump cheeks. She is styled in a light green full-length full sleeve top and a pink shade slim fit jeans. She is wearing boots with high heels. She is hugging what looks like a folder and is probably carrying a bag on her right shoulder.
A profile of a moderately built girl, probably of Asian origin. She has long thin hair, with maybe a fringe hairdo. Her top is a combination of red and white stripes and her jeans are pure black. She is carrying a red backpack. She seems to be wearing glasses and is holding something in her right hand.
A lady, probably in her middle ages, with a tomboy cut, is hastening towards her right. She is attired in a loose black jacket and gray jeans. She is carrying a large black handbag and seems to be holding her phone in her left hand.
A thinly built boy dressed in a light gray or black t-shirt and beige pants. His pant is folded up till his ankle. He has dark hair with a mushroom-cut hairdo. He has lean hands and is staring at his phone. He is wearing a one side backpack. His shoes are a combination of black and white.
A young lady is walking towards her left, face not visible, wearing a half white netted top with a black slip inside and black, slim fit jeans. She has dense hair with crop boy haircut. She probably wears brown shoes. Her face looks chubby.
A tall, slim guy is seen wearing a brown jumper with a dark gray jean and a pair of black and white short shoes. He is wearing a gray or brown backpack and is seen walking towards his right. He has short hair.
A guy is seen walking holding something with his both hands, possibly a phone. He is wearing a black hoodie type jacket and a gray jean. His hair is seen covering his forehead. He is wearing a black backpack and possibly a pair of white shoes.
A girl is seen wearing black framed spectacles, with long, dark hair slung over her right shoulder. She is wearing a hoodie type jacket open with probably a t-shirt inside, black leggings and white, high-top sneakers. She is seen walking towards her left, with a short nose and a big forehead.
A slim girl, walking towards her right, is seen carrying a cotton handbag on her right and holding something like a jacket close to her hip with left hand. She is wearing a checkered black and white full sleeve shirt with grey shorts probably and wearing a flat, black boots. She has got fringes covering her forehead, small nose and chubby cheeks.
A guy, not very short in height, is seen wearing a blue t-shirt with a black and white checked shirt on top unbuttoned, wearing beige pants and a gray backpack. He seems to have small ears, and hair covering his forehead.
A girl, not very tall, is wearing a red jumper with a gray skirt, possibly texting with both her hands. She is wearing open toe sandals. She is wearing a black hip length handbag. Her hair is brown.
Not a very clear image of a young girl walking towards her right with hardly a visible profile. She is wearing black framed spectacles. She wears a red jacket, with a white t-shirt under it, along with gray shorts. She has let her shoulder length hair loose. She is carrying a backpack, possibly black and red colored.
A guy in his twenties is seen wearing a gray colored full sleeves t-shirt and black jeans, with black shoes. He is wearing black framed spectacles, his ears seem small and hair covering his forehead, wearing a black backpack.
A slim girl is wearing a black top and black, skinny fit jeans with black shoes. She is walking towards her right side, wearing black-framed spectacles, and loosened her hair till waist.
A tall slim guy walking towards his right, wearing a maroon colored t-shirt with light colored shorts. He might be wearing brown colored shoes.He has a long neck, black hair covering his forehead.
A slim girl is seen wearing a peach colored half sleeved shirt, with black pants. She is wearing a watch along with a bracelet in her left hand. She has got a feathered haircut with fringes in the front forehead, on both sides. She is wearing a blue backpack. She has a button nose and small eyes.
A slim, tall guy is seen walking towards his left, with his face not fully visible. He seems to be adjusting his hair with his left hand. He is wearing a gray colored hoodie type t-shirt with full sleeves, dark-gray jeans with probably brown shoes. He wears a black backpack.
A tall, slim girl is walking facing towards her right, wearing a brown jacket over a black and white dress along with black stockings and probably a white colored slipper. She has jacket's sleeves rolled up to her elbows. She has her hair up in a pony- tail with small fringes. She seems to be nervous, biting her fingers and probably holding her mobile phone with her left hand.
A slim girl, walking towards her left, face not visible, is wearing an off white jumper, possibly with peach colored slim fit jeans and brown boots with high heels. She seems to be wearing a baby carrier and holding it with her right hand.
A guy, probably in his twenties, seems a little overweight, is seen walking. He is wearing a bright red colored t-shirt and grey jeans, red shoes with white soles. His t-shirt is half sleeved; he has a shoulder length hair which seems to cover most of his forehead.
A slim, tall girl with a gray t-shirt and a striped jacket on top is facing towards her left, having her hands clasped at her back. She is wearing black slim fit jeans and probably white sports shoes with bold, red stripes on it. She has long, straight hair and fringes covering her forehead.
The man in the image seems to be wearing a skull cap. He is wearing a light blue shirt and a black blazer on top with beige trousers. He looks slim with a sharp nose. He has got small ears and wears black-framed spectacles.
A slim girl carrying a blue colored handbag or a shopping bag on her left hand and a beige colored handbag on her right, face not visible fully, walking towards her left right. She is wearing a maroon checked top with dark green shorts and medium heels.
A girl in her twenties, wearing a checked shirt with beige colored trousers and black shoes, is seen rushing. She is carrying a black backpack and wearing spectacles, with a small ponytail.
A moderately built young woman is facing towards her left. She is probably Asian. She has a wide forehead and a sharp nose. She seems to be wearing white ear studs. She is dressed in a dark grey t-shirt and loose fit trousers.
A thin boy wearing a maroon half sleeve tee-shirt walking towards his right. He is wearing matching black shorts. He has lean hands and lean legs. He has a long neck. He seems to be wearing a watch or a bracelet in his left hand and is carrying a black backpack. He is wearing a pair of dark green sneakers.
A lean, probably an Asian boy is chatting with his friend as he is walking. He is attired in a white half sleeve t-shirt with a pattern. His trousers are gray and his right hand is tucked inside his pocket. He seems to be wearing a black watch in his left hand. He is wearing probably a sling bag on his left shoulder.
A profile of a young man with a slight forward slouch. He is moderately built with dark hair. He is strolling towards his left and is adjusting his hair with his right hand as he is walking. His t-shirt is a nice olive green and his trousers are a matching gray. He is carrying a backpack and holding a jacket in his left hand.
A lean boy with dark black hair wearing glasses, walking towards his right. He is fitted in a light gray sweat shirt with a hoodie and flashy yellow knee-length shorts. His hands are swaying to his back as he is walking and he seems to be looking at the ground as he is walking. He is wearing white sneakers.
A slim tall man, with short hair and a pair of glasses, is wearing a blue color shirt and black color pants. He wears a blue backpack on his back and black shoes. He is probably holding a laptop bag in his left hand and is looking away from the camera.
A slim tall boy with short hair, with glasses on his face, is wearing a black color t-shirt and black color pants. He wears a black back pack on his back and is wearing red shoes with white stripes. He also a wears a watch on his left hand and has his hands in his pockets.
A slim tall girl, with dark long hair and a pair of glasses on her face, is wearing a black top and blue jeans. She wears a big white color handbag on her left hand and a pair of black canvas shoes. She also wears a black strap watch on her left hand.
A slim tall boy with short hair, probably with glasses on his face, is wearing a gray color shirt and black color pants. He is probably holding a bag on his right hand and might be wearing brown sandals.
A girl with dark long hair is wearing a black top and probably gray skirt. She is carrying a brown hand bag on her right shoulder and also a big multi-colored shopping bag on her right hand.
A girl with dark long hair is wearing a white top and gray jeans. She is wearing a black backpack on her back and she is probably holding a mobile phone in her right hand.
A girl with dark long hair is wearing a gray t-shirt and black jeans with black shoes. She is wearing a black backpack on her back and she is probably looking into her mobile phone in her right hand.
A girl with dark long hair is wearing a black t-shirt and gray short skirt. She probably wears a bracelet on her right hand and is carrying a multi-colored handbag on her right shoulder. She is also wearing a pair of flip-flops.
A tall boy with a medium build and short hair is wearing a white t-shirt with gray horizontal lines on it and blue color jeans. He also wears a black back pack on his back and a pair of black sports shoes.
A tall, thinly built woman with dark long hair is wearing a black blazer and gray color pants. She wears a red colored big hand bag with probably white straps on her right shoulder and a pair of brown heels.
A slim, tall man with short dark hair is wearing a white jacket and gray jeans. He wears a black sling bag on his back crossed from his left shoulder and a pair of white canvas shoes. He is looking towards his left away from the camera.
A tall, thin man with a pair of glasses on his face is wearing a black t-shirt and black jeans. He wears a black backpack on his back and probably carrying a laptop bag in his right hand. He is also wearing a pair of red sneakers with white soles.
A medium height, slim build girl with dark hair is wearing a gray color top and black jeans. She wears a white color back pack on her back and a pair of white canvas shoes. She is probably holding a bag in her right hand on her front.
A profile of a medium build man with short dark hair, wearing a black t-shirt and black jeans. He probably holding a file or laptop in his right hand and a mobile phone with earphones attached in his left hand. He might be wearing a pair of black shoes.
A thin, tall woman with dark medium hair is wearing a white t-shirt with a gray jacket on it and blue jeans. She wears probably black sports shoes and a big brown hand bag on her left arm. She is resting her left arm on the back and might have a black strap watch to her hand.
A slim girl with dark short hair is wearing a multi-colored jumper, gray shorts, and brown boots. There are white horizontal stripes on her jacket. She is holding something, possibly a book or a laptop, in her right hand and carrying a bag on her back. The girl is facing away from the camera and walking.
A profile of a girl with a medium build. She is wearing a full sleeve dark blue top. She is wearing red heels. She is facing away from the camera. She is carrying something, probably a bag. She has long dark luxurious hair. She has her jacket, tied over her hips.
A profile of a tall, thin build man, probably Asian with blunt features. He wears a gray jumper, a pair of dark-colored trousers, possibly black or dark blue shoes. He is carrying a sling bag on his left shoulder. He has short black hair.
A tall guy, medium built, presumably a teenager wearing a red checkered shirt. He is carrying papers in his hands. He is wearing a pair of black glasses. He has short black hair and a big pair of ears. He is carrying a bag. He is wearing a black trouser and a pair of red and white sneakers.
A slim girl with dark short hair is wearing a black and white striped full sleeve sweatshirt or hoodie. She is carrying a bright orange bag on her shoulder and walking. She is swinging her hands as she is walking. She is wearing black jeans.
A profile of a medium build man, probably middle-aged and Asian. He wears a light-green polo shirt, a pair of dark-colored trousers, possibly dark-green or black, and dark sport shoes. He is carrying coke in his right hand. He is wearing a pair of spectacles.
A middle aged guy is wearing a white t-shirt under a black jacket. He is also wearing a pair of black spectacles.His right hand is in the pocket of the blue denim jeans he is wearing. He is carrying a brown sling bag on his left shoulder. He has short black hair.
A slim guy, perhaps a teenager, is wearing a light blue polo t-shirt. He is probably an Asian. He is wearing a pair of black spectacles. He is carrying a black jacket on his right hand. He is carrying a bag on his shoulders. He is wearing black trousers.
A profile of a short guy with thin short black hair wearing a dark colored full sleeve shirt, possibly black or green, rolled up to his elbow. He is wearing a black sling bag on his right shoulder. He is presumably an Asian. He is wearing black trousers and a pair of black spectacles.
A short guy with short black hair is wearing a multi-colored sports jacket. He is possibly a coach or is walking after completing his gym exercise. He is carrying a red bag on his right hand. He is wearing a brown sling bag on his right shoulder. He is wearing track pants and a pair of black sport shoes.
A profile of a lean guy, looking away from the camera. He is wearing a light colored hoodie or sweatshirt. He has short black hair. He is wearing gray colored jeans. He is carrying a red bag on his shoulders. He is wearing white sneakers with bold black stripes on it.
A slim girl with short black hair is wearing a pink top and a black jacket. She is carrying a clutch on her left hand. She is wearing blue denim jeans. She is wearing white sport shoes. She is also wearing a pair of spectacles.
A profile of a tall guy, probably a teenager is walking towards the left direction. He is wearing a half sleeve white t-shirt. He is wearing a watch with silver strap on his left hand. He is wearing a pair of checkered shorts. He is carrying a bag on his shoulders. He is wearing a pair of shoes.
A slim woman wearing full black attire is walking towards the left direction. She is wearing a double breasted French jacket. She is carrying a black bag on her left shoulder. She is wearing a black trouser. She is holding onto something. She is wearing black shoes.
A profile of a lean guy,probably a teenager and probably an Asian. He is wearing a grey hoodie or sweatshirt. He is possibly getting advice from someone. He is wearing black trousers. His left hand is in the pocket of his hoodie. He is wearing white sport shoes. He is wearing a pair of spectacle.
A slim girl with dark hair and fringes probably an Asian is walking towards the right direction. She is wearing a full sleeved purple and black t-shirt. She is carrying a bag complimentary to her outfit on her right shoulder. She is wearing trousers and a black pair of boots.
A slim girl probably Asian is walking in the right direction. She is wearing a top probably red or pink in color. She is carrying a bottle or a sipper in her right hand. She is carrying a sack bag on her right shoulder. She is having a bouffant black hair.
A medium build girl, wearing a red slip on is walking and looking away from the camera. She is carrying a white strap bag on her right shoulder. She is holding a mobile phone on her right hand. She is having black hair with red streaks.
A tall medium build guy with fair complex probably an Asian is walking towards the left. He is wearing a full sleeve white colored shirt. He has thin black hair. He is carrying a satchel on his left hand. He is walking with his head up. He is wearing a grey jean and a pair of shoes.
A medium built thin boy with a short dark hair is walking away from the camera. He wears a blue and grey mixed T-shirt and the blue jeans complete the attire. He is probably wearing black shoes and carrying a heavy bad at his back.
A very tall man with a round face is walking on the road accompanied by a girl at his side. Both of them seem to have a casual walk with chit chat. The boy has a short hair and wears a collared jacket. He is carrying a long strapped bag.
A profile of a medium build man, probably a teenager and probably Asian is walking towards his left. He is carrying a black bag over his shoulder. He is wearing white sport shoes. He is wearing a black t-shirt and a pair of black shorts.
A profile of a fat guy, probably in his forty's is walking towards the left. He is wearing a grey polo half sleeves t-shirt. He wears a black watch on his left hand. He has a pair of grey trouser and a pair of shoes. He is carrying a black sling bag on his shoulder and has a pair of spectacles with thin frame.
A profile of a medium build guy, probably a school student and probably an Asian is walking. He is wearing a full sleeve green striped t-shirt. He is carrying a light colored bag probably white or grey. He is wearing a dark colored trouser probably blue or green. He has black hair. He wears a pair of black spectacles with a thick frame.
A profile of a lean guy, probably a student and probably an Asian is walking. He is wearing a full sleeve black and white t-shirt. He is holding a phone on his right hand. He wears a light colored trouser probably blue or grey or white. He has black hair. He has a pair of spectacles.
A profile of a lean guy, probably a school student is walking. He is wearing a short sleeve light colored shirt probably white or blue. He has a watch on his left hand. He wears dark colored trousers probably green or black. He has an army cut and has black hair.
A profile of a medium built girl, wearing a pair of black high heels is walking. She is wearing a grey full sleeve top and a pair of tight jeans. She is holding something possibly a book or a laptop. She has long black hair.
A profile of a lean guy with short black hair, probably a teenager is wearing a blue denim shirt and a stone washed pair of jeans. He is carrying a flab bag on his right hand. He wears a pair of white shoes.
A slim girl with dark long hair is wearing white top and full sleeves orange overcoat is walking. She is probably a teenager. She is carrying a dark colored bag possibly brown, orange or beige. She is wearing a black colored trousers.
A profile of a lean man, probably middle aged and probably Asian is walking. He wears a white loose t-shirt, a pair of black colored trouser and black formal shoes. He is carrying a sling bag on his shoulder. He is wearing a red band on his right hand. He is holding a white jacket on his left hand. He has dark black hair.
A profile of a lean man, probably in his middle age wears a white hoodie or sweatshirt, a pair of black colored trouser and black shoes. He is carrying a black and white bag on his shoulder. He is wearing a pair of spectacles. He has dark black hair.
A tall thin boy wearing a pair of glasses is walking with hand inside his pant pockets. He is wearing a sports jacket which is black in color with white stripes in the upper arm. He has tall legs and taking long strides to reach his destination. He may be carrying a bag on the other hand.
Looks like a slim, tall girl, with a short and tidy hairdo. She is wearing a black sweatshirt with white wordings, and what looks like a black denim jean. She is wearing white loafers with presumably a black outline. She is carrying a blue backpack on her shoulder.
A short, lean boy with short black hair and a mushroom cut is wearing a grey sweatshirt with a hoodie. He is wearing a loose, grey, denim jeans pant. His white shoes have a black stripes and he is carrying a yellow flap bag with a zip and designs.
A lean girl with long, black hair and a luxuriant, straight hairdo is wearing what looks like a white single breasted French jacket with black tights and a brownish, white slip on shoes. She is carrying a flap bag on her shoulder. She is walking in the right direction.
A slim girl of short hair and medium height, wearing a blue top and black bottom also a red sweatshirt around her neck. She might be carrying a bag in her left hand. She is been walking along with the guy in the image.
A tall thin man with short hair, wearing a mask on his face, black t-shirt, black jeans and a sweatshirt on his neck. He wears a black back pack on his back and probably a pair of brown shoes on his legs. He might be walking along with the girl in the image.
A slim and tall girl, who might be in her mid twenties. She has brunette hair, with a luxuriant, fringed hairdo. She is wearing a black jacket with white attire in the inside. She is holding what is doubtlessly a tote bag, in her hands. She is walking in the right direction.
A slim and tall girl, with long black hair is wearing a pink t-shirt, on top of which, she has equipped a white jacket. She is wearing shredded, blue denim jeans and what looks like white sandals. She is carrying a baguette, and she is walking in the left direction.
A lean girl with a brown complexion is wearing a black formal jacket with white attire in the inside. She has a high horse tail, bouffant hairstyle. She has equipped a brown backpack with a black strap, and is walking in the right direction. She is holding a green, presumably a plastic bag. She is wearing black tights with white and either red or pink shoes.
A profile of a man probably middle aged with a pair of glasses on his face. He is attired with a white t-shirt, black 3/4th trousers, a sling bag of black color crossed from his left shoulder and a pair of covered toe sandals on his legs.
A thin build man with short hair is wearing a grey jacket. His grey jeans match the jacket and his white or grey canvas shoes complete the style. He seem to have a casual walk enjoying the scenic beauty around him. He looks like an Asian from one side.
A tall man with fit body is wearing a pair of glasses, yellow t-shirt, black jeans and a red color sling bag on his back crossed from his right shoulder. He probably wears a brown color leather shoes. He might have a metal watch with black dial and he is holding a mobile phone or a wallet.
A tall and thin build boy with short black hair is walking slowly as he styles his hair on the go. His black jacket and grey color trousers doesnt seem to go well with his orange or a red color canvas shoes. He might have glasses on his face.
A tall and thin build girl with short hair, wearing a peach and grey combination top, white shorts and a black legging. Her legs are covered with a pair of white canvas shoes and she is carrying a back pack on her left shoulder which is white and black color.
A woman of medium build with not so defined features is probably wearing a pair of glasses on her face. She is wearing a black jacket with full sleeves and black skin tight jeans and a pair of grey or white color canvas shoes. She might be holding some books in her left hand.
A profile of a slim tall woman with short hair, wearing a grey color t-shirt, black jeans, a sling bag crossed from her left shoulder and a pair of red sandals. She has a leather black bag on her back. She seems to be comfortable with her light brown sneakers.
A thin boy with short dark hair and slouched shoulder is walking casually on the road. He is wearing a pair of glasses on his face. His grey color t-shirt seem to be faded and his Bermuda trousers is somewhat dark grey in color. He is holding a black back pack on his back and pair of white canvas shoes decorate his legs.
A slim built tall boy who looks like a student is wearing a pair of glasses on his face. He is also wearing a white t-shirt with a grey color long hand jacket on it. The black color jeans go well with the jacket and the shoes seem to be a perfect fit though the color seem to be an unmatched for the attire.
A profile of a thin tall girl with long silky hair seems to be in a hurry. She is wearing a pink color top, black color straight cut jeans, and a white color canvas shoes. She probably has put a white color hair clip on her hair. She may be carrying some books in her back pack.
A boy with a pair of glasses on his face and facing towards his left is wearing a black t-shirt and black jeans. He has a pair of grey or white shoes and a back pack of dark grey or black color on his back. He is taking long steps and his arms are swinging back and forth.
A thin build boy with very short hair and flat features is wearing a white shirt with grey color stripes on his back. His trousers which are grey in color seem to be loose fitted. The white canvas shoes seem to match the attire and looks comfortable to walk with. He has a black back pack on his back.
A thin tall woman with medium length hair is wearing a white jacket with full sleeves, black jeans and a pair of brown or black canvas shoes. She has a black and white checked back pack on her back and probably a laptop bag in her right hand.
A tall thin man, probably in his middle age is wearing a pair of glasses on his face. He wears a black shirt with matching black jeans and a pair of black canvas shoes. He is holding a green bag in his right hand. He might be wearing a pair of glasses on his face.
A profile of a tall thin boy with short dark hair is wearing a white shirt, loose blue jeans. He wears a pair of white sneakers with black stripes and carrying a back pack which might be of green color. He has a black strap watch on his left hand.
A thin tall boy walking straight is wearing a white t-shirt, brown trouser and a pair of black sneakers. He has a back pack of black color which might be his college bag and looks heavy for his weight. He has a sharp pointed nose and small mouth.
A tall and thin build boy with short dark hair, wearing a black jacket with probably white lines on it. The jeans seem to be blue in color and a pair of white sneaker on his legs is grey in color. He wears a black sling bag on his back crossed from his left arm.
A tall man in his middle age with short hair well groomed, wearing a white and grey color formal shirt and pant. He wears a black color back pack on his back and pair of black shoes. He has a bandage on his right hand as he might have had an accident with a strap from his neck.
A tall middle aged woman with long dark hair is wearing a grey color jacket, blue color jeans, a big black color hand bag on her right hand and a pair of probably pink color canvas shoes. Her face appears to be very small with flat nose and thin fore head.
A profile of a medium build woman, probably in her middle age is wearing a black t-shirt, grey pants and a black color hand bag on her left hand. She wears a pair of brown sandals and is possibly speaking in phone holding that in right hand facing away from the camera. She might be wearing glasses on her face.
A tall, young lady with a medium length dark hair hastening towards her right has a well built, fit physique and is clothed in a beige top and black knee length slim fit leggings. She is carrying a big black bag with a bow. She is fitted in probably a beige ankle strap sandal.
A young girl with well built legs and dark medium length hair is moving towards her right. She is dressed in a dark green over coat top and light yellow shorts. She is bearing an over sized bag which has a mix of dark maroon and sand brown.
A profile of a young woman with long hair which looks dip dyed in brown probably with a fringe hairdo. She is attired in a light peach over coat and a stylish black short skirt. She seems to be smiling and waving at someone. She is carrying a dark peach handbag on her left shoulder. She is sited in a dark colored flashy ankle boots.
A trendy tall young lady with a long black hair trending a long sleeve maroon or dark red sweat shirt with hoodie and a slim fit black jean has lean legs and fitted in a matching loafer with a white border. She seems to be holding something in her right hand.
A profile of a tall man with a sloppy walk is attired in a navy blue and white checked shirt and a black boot cut trouser. He has thin hair and a bald spot. He is wearing glasses and seems to be looking curiously to his left.
A Profile of a probably middle age man with a moderately built physique dressed up in a red half sleeve t-shirt and a formal black trouser. He has dark hair and short neck. He is equipped with a backpack which is maybe grape purple in color. He seems to be wearing glasses and is gazing towards his left.
A lanky lady with a short hair tied up in a pony tail with a fringe hurrying towards her right. She seems to be wearing a loose full length sleeve top with Black stripes. Her pants are a light grey casual wear. She has a light brown or sand brown handbag hanging on her right shoulder.
A short physique boy clothed in a probably checked black and white shirt. His trousers are light grey in color and he has a slight slouch. He seems to be holding a black sling bag. He has his head tilted towards his left.
A profile of a stylish young boy trending a half sleeve black t-shirt and a knee length light grey shorts. He has dark hair with a stylish hairdo. He seems to be wearing shades and is facing his right. He is fitted in a red and white probably a Nike shoe.
A tall, slim young man walking towards his left, looking to his right is dressed in a sweat shirt which is black with grey long sleeve and white stripes at the wrist of the sleeve. He is equipped with probably a laptop bag in his right hand and a backpack on his shoulder. His converse seems to be black with white lace.
A moderate physique girl clothed in a trendy shirt with a red and grey checked pattern and a beige shorts moving towards her right. She has long, light brown hair with a round face. She has lean legs and is fitted in probably a grey ankle sneaker. She is carrying a big backpack.
A young lanky lad with a round face and sharp nose walking towards his left is in casual attire which is a white t-shirt with a light blue denim jacket and a beige semi formal trouser. He has small eyes and dark hair. He is facing the camera with a frown.
A profile of a young boy walking towards his right looks lean built. He is dressed in a light black loose sleeve t-shirt with a white and yellow pattern in the back. His shorts are navy blue, knee length denim. He appears to be semi bald. He's styling a grey ankle shoe with black pattern.
A profile of a lanky young man trending a light brown half sleeve t-shirt and a beige knee length shorts. She is hastening towards his left. He is holding a orange brown tote. He seems to be wearing glasses and his jaw line is perfectly visible. His lips seem to be open and his hands are swaying back as he is walking.
A profile of a moderate physique girl styling a light grey full sleeve sweat shirt with a hoodie is fitted in a boot cut black trousers. She has short, dark hair and her face is not visible. She is carrying a black hand bag on her left shoulder and is probably adjusting her hair with her left hand. She is probably looking at her phone.
A tall, probably an Asian boy with a lean physique clothed in a light grey sweat shirt with a hoodie and a light blue boot cut pant. He has a wheat complexion and a mushroom cut hairdo. He is carrying a mud brown shoulder bag. He is wearing glasses. He is facing the camera and smirking.
A tall, slim boy with a slouch is wearing a loose dark brown half sleeve t-shirt and a light grey boot cut pant. He looks like an Asian boy with a mushroom cut hairdo. He seems to be carrying a black backpack. He is folding his hands and is carrying probably a black color jacket.
A short lanky boy wearing a dark brown sweat shirt with a hoodie and a light black boot cut jean. He is carrying a beige sling bag. He seems to be carrying his phone in his hand and is facing towards his left. He is wearing a shoe which has a combination of black and white.
A slim, tall boy wearing a full length sweat shirt and a black ankle jean walking towards his right is looking towards his left. He has a mushroom cut hairdo. He is carrying a dark blue and black checked pattern backpack. He is wearing a dark green sneaker with maybe a white sole.
A tall, slim boy is wearing a purple half sleeve t-shirt and a grey track pant. His t-shirt has a white pattern in the back partially covered by his backpack. There is a white stripe on the right side of his track. He is wearing glasses and a red loafer. He has a mushroom cut hairdo.
A girl with lean physique with dark thin hair, wearing a light grey sweat shirt with maybe a hoodie and a light black jean walking towards her right. Her hair is partially covered by her hoodie. She is wearing a light grey sneaker. She is carrying a purple or maroon backpack.
A tall girl wearing probably a grey dress with a orange or red jacket and a light grey legging walking towards her right. She has dark thin hair and her face is covered by her hair. She is wearing a beige ankle boot. She is probably carrying a red or orange hand bag on her left shoulder. She is holding her phone in her right hand.
A girl who is thin built with dark long hair, wearing a pair of glasses on her face. She is clothed with a grey or blue color jacket and black color jeans. She is carrying a green color back pack on her back and wears probably a pair of red canvas shoes.
A girl with tied hair and medium build, wearing a pair of glasses on her face, a grey color t-shirt and blue or grey color jeans, a back pack on her back and a pair of white canvas shoes. She wears a black strap watch on her left hand.
A profile of a short stout woman in her middle age with short hair and medium build is wearing a grey color shirt and black color pants. She might be wearing a black canvas shoes on her legs.
A boy with short hair, thin build is wearing a black t-shirt, black jeans and probably gray colored back pack on his back. He wears black and white sneakers on his legs.
The girl in the image has dark long hair, has a thin build, wearing a red and white top, black jeans, a red color back pack on her back and a pair of flip-flops on her legs. She might be holding a mobile phone or a purse in her right hand.
There is a man in the image who might be wearing glasses on his face, clothed in white t-shirt and matching trousers with red colored canvas shoes. He is holding something, probably a notepad in his right hand and he wears a black strap watch on his left hand.
A woman with long black hair, probably in her middle ages is wearing a gray hooded jacket, blue jeans, a pair of white sneakers and carrying a red colored shopping bag. She might be holding a mobile phone in her right hand.
A slim girl with long black hair, wearing a pink color top, black jeans, a black back pack on her back and a pair of brown shoes. She is holding a water bottle on her left hand.
A slim boy with short hair is wearing a pair of glasses, gray and black color t-shirt, probably white trousers and a back pack on his back. He has long legs and he seem to have an acquaintance with the boy near him.
A woman with dark long hair is wearing a black top, blue or grey color skirt, green color hand bag on her right hand and a pair of black heels on her legs. She might be holding a bag or a mobile in her hands.
A boy with dark short hair and very thin build is wearing a pair of glasses on his face, gray colored full sleeves shirt, black pants and a pair of yellow canvas shoes on his legs. He is wearing a black colored back pack on his back.
A slim girl with burgundy color long hair is wearing a full sleeves gray colored top, gray shorts, a red colored back pack on her back and a pair of red colored canvas shoes. She might be holding her bag straps with both hands while walking, in the picture.
A slim girl with long, dark hair is wearing a full sleeved gray colored top with a white stripe, black jeans, a black hand bag with white polka dots on her left hand and a pair of red colored canvas shoes.
A man with dark short hair is wearing a black t-shirt, red and white colored 3/4th trousers, black back pack on his back and a pair of white sneakers on his legs. He is holding a water bottle in his right hand.
A slim girl with dark long silky hair, probably an Asian is wearing a pair of thick rimmed glasses. She is clothed with white t-shirt and black full sleeves jacket, brown jeans and a pair of white canvas shoes. She is wearing a white color back pack on her back.
A slim girl with dark long hair, not very tall is wearing a green jacket, black jeans, black back-pack and a pair of black canvas shoes. She might be wearing glasses on her face. She is probably holding a book or a laptop in her hand.
A slim short hair boy with his head bent down posture has on him a blue hooded jacket and black trousers and wears a pair of black canvas shoes. He carries a black back pack and a purple color sling bag on his back. He wears a pair of glasses on his face.
A slim girl with long black hair is wearing a blue color half sleeve t-shirt and gray colored jeans. She is carrying a brown color jacket and holding probably a black and white color drawing chart on her left hand. She wears a brown color leather bag on her left arm. She is also wearing a black and white canvas shoes.
A slim man with short, dark hair is wearing a blue and black t-shirt. He is carrying a jacket on his left arm and holding probably a laptop bag in his right hand. He wears a pair of black color sneakers.
A man, probably in his middle age, with balding head is wearing a white formal full sleeves shirt and a beige color formal pants. He is carrying a brown colored, open envelope in his left hand. He is wearing a pair of brown leather shoes.
A slim girl with long hair is wearing a black jacket and a blue jeans. She is holding a mobile phone with her right hand and is talking to someone in the phone. She is carrying a green color hand bag on her right shoulder. She also wears a pair of red color shoes.
A slim girl with long hair, possibly wearing spectacles is clothed gray color jacket and black color jeans. She is carrying a black hand bag on her right arm and holding either a laptop bag or a suitcase with her right hand. She might be going along with the other woman in the image.
A slim boy with short black hair is dressed with a gray color full sleeves t-shirt. He wears a blue color jeans and holding a mobile phone in his right hand and gazing into it. He has a back pack on his back and a pair of black sneakers.
A slim girl with long hair is decked with a gray color top and black color leggings. She is carrying a white color hand bag on her right arm and holding it with the right hand. She is also wearing a pair of black canvas shoes.
A slim girl with short hair, probably short in height, is wearing a grey color top and black color shorts. She is carrying a yellow color back pack on her back. Her legs are covered with a pair of flip-flops and she seem to enjoy her company.
A middle aged woman with very short hair, face away from camera walks casually drinking something. She is robed with gray t-shirt and black color pants. She has a red scarf tied around her neck. She wears black color pants. She is carrying a brown color hand bag on her left shoulder and a white color shopping bag in her right hand. She is holding a beverage container in her left hand and is drinking out of it.
A girl who looks petite with slim physique is seen walking away from the camera while having a chit chat with someone. She is draped with a black color jacket and black color pants. She has a blue color back pack on her back. She wears a pair of stylish white sneakers.
A slim girl with long black hair styled into a pigtail is decked up with red full sleeve top and black leggings. She is carrying a white color hand bag on her right. She is probably holding her mobile phone on her right hand. She is probably walking along with her friend on her left.
A slim boy with short black hair, wearing a pair of glasses. He is attired with a blue color t-shirt and looks like holding a jacket on his right shoulder. His shorts which is knee length is light blue and black in color. He is probably adjusting his earphones in his left ear. He is also wearing a pair of red color slip-on's.
A slim girl with long black hair is clothed with a gray top and black leggings. She is carrying a red color bag on her back. She is holding her mobile phone on her right hand speaking with someone. She wears a pair of black canvas shoes.
A slim young woman with black hair cloaked with white top and black leggings is seen walking fast. She is probably carrying a blue color hand bag on her right and is searching for something in it while walking. she wears a pair of white sneakers.
A profile of a slim young man, with short black hair, probably wearing a pair of glasses. He wears a red color jacket and black color shorts. He is holding a laptop bag. He is also wearing a pair of closed toe sandals.
none
The profile of a short young woman with long hair is draoed in a bluish jacket and a white stylish skirt. She has a purple color back pack on her back. A pair of white sneakers in her legs suits her well.
A thin young man with with small head and oval face has a short hair. He is clothed with black full sleeves t-shirt and black trouser. He is probably walking along with his father on his left and is smiling. He is also wearing a pair of brown color shoes.
A woman probably middle aged has a very long black hair, probably wearing glasses. She is wearing a white t-shirt with a black full sleeves top over it and a black jeans. She is carrying a brown back pack which has white stripes on it. She might be holding her mobile phone.
The woman in the image above is all dressed in black attire. Starting from her hair, she is seen flaunting an open hairstyle of her fairly long black hairs. Then, one can spot her with black hood jacket and jeans on. Below, it is a little tough to gauge, but she might be wearing converse shoes.
A girl with black long tied-up hair is wearing an orange color top and blue jeans. She might be adjusting her hair while walking. She also carries a hand bag of beige and green color on her right. She wears a pair of light colored sneakers.
A middle aged woman with shoulder length black hair is wearing a gray color jacket and jeans of dark gray color. She is holding a hand bag on her left hand and she also wears a pair of white color sneakers.
A boy with black short hair is wearing spectacles. He wears a dark colored t-shirt and a light blue color jeans. He seems to be walking slowly, wearing white sneakers with bold black stripes.
A man with medium build having black short hair is wearing a white shirt and gray trousers. He has a black and beige color back pack on his front. He also wears a white sneakers and is probably adjusting his hair with his right hand.
A man in his middle ages with medium build is wearing a pair of glasses. He wears a white shirt with black full sleeved jacket over it and a 3/4th black trousers too. He is carrying a black color shopping bag on his left and has a pair of white flip-flops on his legs.
A profile of a thin young man, probably a student and probably Asian. He wears a pair of glasses and attired with white full sleeves shirt with no collar. His trousers are most probably brown in color. His black sneakers gives him a athelete look. He is carrying a back pack with a water bottle in it.
A girl with her hair tied up is wearing a purple color top and black color leggings. She has a sling bag on her left and she is looking somewhere on her right side while walking. She wears a pair of white canvas shoes.
A middle aged man with short black hair is wearing a pair of glasses on his face. He wears a black jacket and probably holding a brown color office bag or a laptop bag in his right hand. He probably has the other hand in his pockets. He is also wearing a pair of black leather shoes.
A profile of a middle aged woman, probably quiet natured and probably Asian. She might be wearing a pair of glasses. She is robed with a white and pink top and a black color pant. Her multi colored back pack adorn her back. She seem to be in no hurry to reach the destination.
A slim girl, probably hair braided, and probably Asian. She wears a gray color top and blue color jeans. Her white and gray shoes seem to be perfectly fit and rich in color. She has a blue color back pack trailing her back and she is walking casually holding it.
A thin boy with short black hair, wearing spectacles. He is wearing a black color jacket and black shorts. He has a back pack, with a bottle in it. He also wears a pair of white sneakers on his legs.
A thin boy with short hair spiked up, is cloaked with white t-shirt and blue jeans. He is wearing a back pack on his back with a bottle on the side pouch that seem to protrude out and a pair of black and white sneakers on his legs. He is walking with his face away from camera.
A boy with short hair is wearing a pair of glasses on his face. He wears a grey color t-shirt and a grey color shorts. He is also wearing a back pack and a pair of black sneakers. He is probably holding a laptop or a book in his left hand and is walking with his head held high.
A slim girl with black color hair tied into a pony tail, is gawking into her mobile. She is donned with a stylish blue hooded jacket and light gray jeans. She is wearing a pair of glasses. She has pulled her back pack over to the front and she is resting her hands on the pack. She wears a pair of white sneakers.
A boy with short hair is covered with a white t-shirt and a sports jacket that is white in color and a knee length shorts. He has a back pack loaded with items which seem to be heavy. He wears orange color sneakers and seem to be in a cheerful mood.
A slim boy with spiky hair is wearing glasses. He is covered with green color full sleeves t-shirt and is wearing gray trousers. He has his gray back pack on his front and carrying a mobile phone on his right hand.
A profile of a middle aged man, wearing a plain white full hand shirt, black color formal trousers and a pair of black leather shoes. He has a back pack on his right and might be holding a laptop bag in his right hand. He is probably holding a mobile phone or keys in his left hand.
A Woman with long black hair facing away from the camera, wearing a black jacket and black color flip-flops. She is carrying a big black color leather hand bag and probably holding some papers in her right hand.
A fragile looking girl with medium length hair and long legs is seen walking casually. She is wearing gray color full sleeved jacket and a black color short skirt. She has a black color back pack and black socks with white sneakers.
A slim boy with short hair is walking fast, wearing a white t-shirt with a red color half sleeves shirt over it. He is wearing a black color shorts and a trendy black and yellow sneakers. He is carrying a black color back pack on his back.
The person in the image is a man with short hair and eye-glasses. He is dressed in a gray color shirt and gray color jeans. He might be holding a mobile phone in his right hand. He has a sling bag on his right and also a pair of white sneakers.
The person in the image is probably a woman with short hair, facing away from the camera cloaked in a white t-shirt that has black horizontal stripes and a black jeans. She is holding a mobile or a paper in her right hand and wears a black color hand bag on her right. She is wearing a pair of black and white sneakers.
A slim man in his middle ages, wearing a pair of glasses on his face is clothed with a brown color jacket and gray color trousers. He is carrying a black color back pack. He might be wearing a pair of red and white color canvas shoes.
A slim boy with a pair of glasses on his face, wearing a white and gray color jacket and black trousers. He has a beige color back pack on his back. He is walking fast, wearing a pair of black canvas shoes.
A slim boy with a pair of glasses is wearing a black t-shirt and gray shorts. He is seen adjusting his glasses with his left hand. He has a black color sling bag on his back. He wears a pair of black canvas shoes without socks and seem to be walking fast.
A slim boy with short black hair, leaning forward is wearing a white t-shirt and beige trousers. He is carrying a back pack on his right. He is holding a shopping bag in his right hand. He wears a pair of white sneakers.
A man medium build with short black hair is wearing a blue and white color shirt and gray colored trousers. He has a black color back pack on his back. He probably has put his right hand in his right trouser pocket.
A young woman of medium build profile has a short sweet hair, wearing a black overcoat jacket with a blue top inside and a black jeans. She is probably wearing a pair of brown shoes without socks. She has a black back pack on her back.
A slim girl, with her black hair tied high up, wearing a red and white jacket and black shorts. She is also wearing a black socks and a pair of brown color canvas shoes. She is carrying a hand bag on her left and is probably holding a laptop in her right hand.
The fat woman is dressed in a long top that has some abstract figures printed on it. Over the top, she can be seen wearing a mint shaded jacket and below loose black pants. To complete her look, she can be seen wearing sandals. The hair of this woman are black, soft and silky and are left open that reach to the shoulders. She is seen holding a green coloured packet in her right hand.
A slim man with short hair is wearing a white shirt and a brown color full sleeves top and black color pants. He has a pair of sneakers. He is probably wearing a laptop bag on his right shoulder.
A profile of a girl with shoulder length black, straight hair, wearing a black sleeveless tee, possibly with a white shirt over it. She is decked with a trendy gray shorts and sneakers. She is seen carrying some papers in her right hand.
A man in his middle ages, probably wearing a pair of glasses on his face. He is wearing green t-shirt and black shorts. He has a sling bag on his left and a pair of gray color closed toe sandals.
A middle aged man, walking in a hurry. He is wearing a pair of glasses on his face, a blue long sleeve formal shirt and black formal trousers. He is holding a yellow color large envelope in his right hand. He wears a pair of black shoes.
A slim girl with long black hair is wearing possibly a blue color shirt and light blue shorts. She is holding a mobile phone in her left hand. She has a big black hand bag on her right and also black color flip-flops.
A man who looks thin is wearing a pair of glasses on his face, facing the camera. He wears a white t-shirt with a gray color jacket on it and a gray color jeans too. He is holding a laptop bag in his right hand, a back pack with possibly a bottle in it on his back. He has a pair of beige color canvas shoes.
A man who might be in his middle ages is wearing a pair of glasses on his face, a blue color shirt and black color pants. He has a black color back pack on his back and a pair of black canvas shoes.
A medium built woman with short hair, wearing a white and possibly blue color horizontal striped t-shirt with a black color jacket and white shorts. She wears a pair of black and white ankle sneaker. She is probably holding a red color hand bag in her right hand.
A slim girl with long black hair, dressed in a blue top, grey jacket and white shorts. She is fitted in a pair of pink color converse shoes. She is holding a white color hand bag in her left hand and probably holding a small book or phone in her hands.
The bob cut lady is holding a purse right under her right arm. The woman flaunting the bob cut hairstyle is spotted wearing a black jacket with black jeans. Rest, other details cannot be ascertained because she is facing in the opposite direction of the camera. She might be exiting the premise.
The person in this image looks like a woman with short black hair and is wearing a black t-shirt and black jeans. She might be holding a purse or a mobile phone in her left hand. She is carrying a black back pack. She is styling a black strap watch on her left hand. She is wearing a pair of white sneakers with bold black stripes.
As can be attributed to the image above, the girl is walking in a company dressed in completely black attire. Her hairs, however, are not purely black in colour and are giving a tinge of red, though they are long. She is wearing a black jacket on black jeans and sneakers.
A fairly medium-profile young man can be seen walking away from the camera in the current image. He is wearing probably a red or orange and black shaded backpack over his black or grey jacket. He has chosen to wear the jacket with black jeans or trousers. This boy's hair is short, trimmed and neatly combed. He might be holding something in his both hands, but it is unclear.
One can see the back of the girl in the image above. There might be a possibility that she would be exiting the building. The girl, as we can see, is wearing a mustard coloured casual tee which has something printed over it in white. Her black, fairly long hairs come over to her shoulders. She can be seen wearing a grey or black coloured jeans.
A woman, probably in her middle age with shoulder length black hair is wearing a white top and a white sweat shirt with polka dots, black jeans and blue sneakers. She is bearing a black back pack and is holding a white bag in her right hand. She wears a pair of glasses.
A woman, probably in her middle age with shoulder length black hair is wearing a white top and a white sweat shirt with polka dots, black jeans and blue sneakers. She is bearing a black back pack and is holding a white bag in her right hand. She wears a pair of glasses.
The picture shows the profile of a man wearing a black t-shirt in the center. He is wearing white shorts and a pair of grey sandals. He is facing towards his left and seems to be wearing glasses.
A man with short hair is wearing a white t-shirt and possibly a black color shirt over it and light grey color jean. He has plump cheeks. He might be holding a mobile phone in his left hand. He wears a pair of black canvas shoes with white sole.
A Profile of an ill built man attired in a white shirt with blue checks and blue jeans with white sneakers. He is carrying a loaded backpack. He is fitted in a white shoe possibly with a black sole.
The lady in the footage above is walking in a group and talking to a person beside her. She is wearing a long top that has white and black vertical stripes on black jeans and same hue leather boots. Over the top, she can be seen sporting a black jacket or jumper. The girl's hair is not black in colour and gives a tinge of red. They are neatly tied into a ponytail, though. She can be seen carrying a black tote bag on her left shoulder.
A tall and ill built boy slouching forward and hastening towards his right. He wears an orange color t-shirt and beige color trousers. He bears a sling bag probably purple in color and is wearing a watch on his left hand. He seems to be holding what looks like book or a notepad on his right hand. He wears a pair of sneakers.
A boy with short black hair, wearing probably a dark blue or black color sweat shirt with a hoodie and black jeans. He is holding possibly a book or laptop. He seems to be fitted in dark grey sandals and is taking small steps while walking.
A slim girl with long black hair is wearing a black full sleeve t-shirt and white shorts with possibly a black color watch on her left hand. She is carrying a big sand brown colored bag on her right shoulders. She is fitted in a white sneaker.
A boy wearing a pair of glasses, white t-shirt and light beige color trouser with white canvas shoes. He is carrying a black backpack. He has a military cut hairdo. He seems to be taking small steps while walking.
A slim tall boy with mushroom cut hairdo who is possibly wearing a green t-shirt and a black sweatshirt walking towards his left. He might be holding a mobile in his right hand. He is trending a yellow color knee length shorts and a pair of grey colored flip-flops.
A slim girl with long black hair is wearing a sky blue color full hand shirt and a black jeans with red sneakers. She is holding a water bottle in her left hand and is carrying a red color back pack.
A slim girl with long black hair is wearing a white t-shirt with black horizontal stripes on it and black skirt and legging. She might be holding a laptop and some papers in her right hand. She has a sling bag on her left hand. She wears heels probably brown color.
A slim boy with a white t-shirt and black jeans. He might be wearing a pair of glasses on his face. He wears possibly a black chain on his neck and a sky-blue color back pack with black sneakers.
A moderately built middle-aged man wearing a pair of glasses is seen holding a bottle in his hand. He is clothed with half hand black color shirt and khaki shorts. His sandals appear to be red in color. He is carrying a huge bag with him.
A slim boy with a pair of glasses probably black framed, attired in a green color shirt with black color checks on it. He might be wearing a watch on his left hand. His black color 3/4th trousers seem to be of denim variety and a pair of sneakers which are possibly of black color.
A slim boy with a black T-shirt and fossil grey color pant. He is probably adjusting the glasses on his face with his right hand. He is wearing a pair of white color slip-On's on his legs. He is probably wearing a white or silver color watch on his left hand.
The women prominent in the frame is having a medium hair colored burgundy or may be natural. She is carrying probably a book or a file in her right hand. She is wearing a grey color top with black color jeans and is carrying a white color shopping bag with a bear face on it. She probably wears a brown or black color canvas shoes.
A slim boy, with black hair is wearing a black T-Shirt and probably a grey color 3/4th Trouser. He has blue color back pack and black color watch to his left hand. He wears a pair of glasses and a black sneakers.
This boy is very thin and tall taking long strides to reach his destination. He looks like a student who is carrying a sling bag at his back. He is wearing a white hoodie jacket and dark black pants. His features appear to be blunt and he is wearing a pair of glasses.
A middle-aged woman carrying a bag in her right hand which is black in color. She is wearing a grey long hand shirt and her hair is dark and short. She has a small round face and looks like an Asian. She is also carrying a beige or brown bag at her back.
A profile of a medium build man, probably middle-aged, and probably Asian. He wears a black t-shirt and a grey coat, a pair of light-colored shorts, possibly light-white or grey, and grey shoes. He is holding a book in his right hand and is carrying a bag . He wears a black pair of spectacles.
The fairly heavy profile lady is in her bob-cut hairstyle. She is carrying a purse with thin strap on her right hand and some paper-like thing in her left. She is also wearing a black top which has 3/4 sleeves on her black jeans. The height of this lady is good but her race or ethnicity cannot be ascertained.
A slim and short girl, wearing a pink colored crocks is walking. She has a phone in her right hand. She is carrying a white or grey colored handbag in her shoulders. She has short black hair. She wears a bracelet in her left hand which is probably either dark blue or black. She also wears a grey colored sweatshirt and a blue capri.
A slim and short guy, probably a college student is walking carrying a dark colored bag possibly black or blue on his shoulders. He is wearing a blue hoodie or a sweatshirt. He is wearing white shoes and probably blue jeans. He has short black hair. He also has a black beard.
A medium build man, probably a college student or an employee wearing a dark colored spectacles probably blue or black. He is wearing black shoes and purple shirt carrying a bag on his shoulders. The guy is walking wearing a grey colored formal trouser and is smiling. He is probably an Asian with black hair.
A lean, short boy, probably a teenager wearing a red or orange t-shirt carrying a black or blue bag wearing white shoes. The boy has a pair of glasses and black hair. He is probably having a conversation with his friend wearing a purple shirt and carrying a bag wearing black shoes.
This man is short and medium built. His overcoat is white in color with light grey stripes and long hand. His head is short and round. He has thick short hair that covers half of his forehead. He wears a pair of light-colored trousers, possibly light-yellow or beige, and dark shoes.
A short plumb man with a protruding belly. He is probably an Asian from the looks. He might also be wearing a watch on his hands. His t-shirt is black in color and shorts are loose and it is also pitch black. He wears a black or grey shoes and swinging his arms while walking.
A thin tall girl with dark long hair, wearing a loose tops with half sleeve. The top is black in color matching the pants she is wearing. Her face appears to have a flat feature from the side. And she is probably wearing a glass. Her big bag looks modern with black dots scattered all over the white back ground.
The girl in the picture is wearing a short shirt which is white in color with some designs on them. Her red bag looks heavy loaded with things probably books or laptop. Her hair looks dark and bouncy. Her body appears well maintained. She is probably wearing a cut shoe.
Here is a girl who is fully loaded with bags on both shoulders. She is very keen on looking something on the phone. Her boots doesn't seem to fit the attire she is wearing. She is wearing a pony tail with a chunk of hair falling on her face which she doesn't seem to bother.
A tall boy strolling probably having a chat with his acquaintance. He wears a black hoodie type of jacket with contrast yellow shorts. He appears to have a pair of glasses. His face appears to be round with prominent features.
A middle aged man with oval shaped head and pointed nose walking in the direction facing away from camera. He is cool and casual. He is wearing t-shirt of white long sleeves. His pants are well cut and fits his legs. He is wearing a shoe that matches his shirt.
A Medium build body of a boy wearing a white t-Shirt carrying a sling type of bag. His face is totally turned other side while the back of his head alone is visible. His hair is kind of long, straight and silky. His trousers are grey in color. His shoes are quite modern.
A profile of a medium build boy probably an Asian. He wears a dark purple polo shirt with some designs in the sleeve. He is carrying a bag on his shoulder which is a combination of red and black color. He is wearing a grey pant with a matching shoes. His face is long with sharp nose.
A tall, slim girl wearing a maroon full length t-shirt and probably a grey slim fit jeans. She has long hair with a light brown hair coloring. She is carrying a black hand bag on her right shoulder and is walking towards her right. she is wearing flat cut shoes.
A tall, moderately built man wearing a light blue or white formal shirt and black formal trousers and black leather shoes. His shirt is tucked in and he is wearing a black belt. He has his right hand in the air and is carrying probably a chart in his left hand . He is wearing glasses.
A tall, moderately built man wearing a dark blue and white semi formal shirt and a black slim fit jean. He has dark hair. He has a stability band on his right hand and is carrying a dark brown bag in his left hand. He is wearing glasses. He wears black shoes with white stripes
A slim, probably an Asian boy with dark hair walking towards his right. He is probably wearing a white t-shirt and a dark grey sweat shirt with a hoodie. He wears black knee length shorts. He is carrying a black backpack which seems to have a water bottle in the right pouch. He wears sandals which is probably black in color.
A moderately built girl with dark long hair is wearing a black half sleeve t-shirt and a black jeans. Her t-shirt has white stripes on the side. Her face is covered partially by her hair and she is looking at her phone. She is carrying a UK flag printed hand bag on her left shoulder and is probably carrying a folder or a note book in her left hand.
A slim, tall probably an Asian boy wearing a light grey sweat shirt with a hoodie and a semi formal grey trousers. He has his hands tucked inside his pockets. He is wearing glasses. He is carrying a grey sling bag and a black shoes with heels.
A short, slim girl wearing probably a denim jacket and a slim fit legging hastening towards her right. She has short hair styling a high pony tail with a fringe cut. She is wearing a red sling bag and red shoes. She is wearing glasses and glancing at her phone.
A moderately built probably an Asian girl wearing a black t-shirt with elbow length sleeve and a black slim fit jean. She has short, thick, dark hair. she is carrying a back hand bag with a dark blue patch in the center. She is wearing a black shoe which has three white stripes on it.
A moderately built boy with dark hair wearing a light green half sleeve t-shirt and a black knee length shorts and grey shoes. He has spectacles and is looking to his left. He is holding probably newspaper in his right hand and wears a black watch or maybe a bracelet on his left hand. He is carrying an orange and dark grey backpack.
A short, slim, probably an Asian girl, wearing a checked sweat shirt with a combination of probably red and white. She is wearing black shorts. She is carrying a handbag which is probably purple in color with black leopard print. She is wearing a black or may be grey ankle sneakers. She seems to be looking at her phone as she is walking.
A short, slim girl wearing a full length white top with black polka dots.She is wearing a full length boot cut pant hastening towards her right. She has black, medium length wavy hair with a fringe hairdo. She is carrying a sand brown hand bag. She is probably an Asian.
A moderately built, dark haired boy trending a black half sleeve t-shirt and a grey full length trousers walking towards his right. He is carrying a full black backpack and holding probably a blue colored folder. His t-shirt possibly has a white pattern in the back covered partially by his backpack. He is wearing a grey sneaker.
A thin delicate boy with oval face probably wearing spectacles. He is wearing a dark green t-shirt and a pair of light-colored matching trousers. He wears a white shoe which looks odd and doesn't seem to go well with the dress. He seem to pose a serious look. He is carrying a purple bag on his shoulders.
A thin man wearing a pink short sleeve t-shirt and a grey color pants. He has a short black hair. He looks fair but his head is so small and thin face. He is carrying a black bag at his back which looks heavy. He wears a shoe probably light brown in color.
A profile of a well built man, wearing a short sleeve shirt which is black or grey in color. His face is totally not visible but appears to be flat. His head is covered with a cap thus hiding his hair. He is wearing a sports shoe which is not very clear but looks like dark grey and white. He is on his toes probably hurrying to catch a train or something.
A thin boy with dark hair bit long, wearing black jacket and bermuda shorts which matches his jacket. He is having his hands inside the shorts. Looks cool and casual. His physique appears sleek from the side. He is also carrying a black bag at his back. He wears black slippers.
A short thin girl wearing a black collar necked jacket and short trousers. She is also carrying a bag at her back which looks colorful and cute. She has a short hair and might be wearing spectacles. Her face is not visible but appears round from side view. She wears a stylish sneaker and holding something on her hands which is tied back.
A very thin boy with short spiky hair on his oval head is walking on the road. He is wearing a orange sweat shirt kind of attire and black pants which is loose fitting. His features seem to be blunt and his face is not very clear. He might be wearing a spectacle. He is carrying a white bag and looks like a student.
A thin girl with silky hair, wearing a striped jacket, color of the jacket looks like grey with black and white stripes, long pants and sneakers. She is all looking studious carrying a bag at her back and wearing a spectacle. The girl's face is not visible clearly but looks like an Asian.
A thin girl with silky hair, wearing a striped jacket, color of the jacket looks like grey with black and white stripes, long pants and sneakers. She is all looking studious carrying a bag at her back and wearing a spectacle. The girl's face is not visible clearly but looks like an Asian.
The girl has her both hands inside the pocket of the jumper as we can see in the image above. She is sporting a short hairstyle and a tote bag in her left hand. Below. she is wearing blue or black jeans along with a pair of shoes that cannot be identified due to low resolution.
One can spot a woman with a white shrug and black jeans in the picture above. She is carrying a purse or a paper bag kind of thing in her left hand and probably something in her right hand as well. Since, as the spectator, we can see the back it is tedious to ascertain what is she holding in her right hand. Anyway, her hairs are black in colour and she has left it open.
The woman in the image above is dressed in black attire. From the top, she can be seen sporting a black long overcoat with a thigh-high stocking of the same shade. The girl has left her hair loose that are reaching down the shoulders. We cannot ascertain her ethnicity as she has her back towards the camera.
A slim woman with bob cut can be spotted here. She is carrying a black tote bag on her right shoulder. Underneath she is wearing a long baby pink or soft pink coat. Below, she chose to pair it with black jeans and white ballerinas. The woman's back can be spotted because she might be leaving the building.
The almost bald boy in the footage above is wearing jazzy parakeet shaded sports shoes on blue jeans and grey jacket. The boy wears spectacles and he too is either walking in the direction or looking at something intently. The boy is fairly athletic and his height is good.
A young slim woman can be spotted with black cloth boots in the image above. So far as his other attributes are concerned, she is wearing a basil shade casual tee with a black jacket over it. On her left wrist, one can sport a watch while on her right, she is carrying a tote bag. She has held her right hand on her hairs probably to adjust her hairstyle that is short and side bangs.
The man in the image above is looking at something with intent. He is wearing a cobalt coloured casual tee with black jeans and black sneakers. The boy can be seen sporting a wristwatch on his left hand. The hairs of this boy are short and black in colour.
The boy in the image above is wearing a white polo shirt along with probably blue jeans. He wears glasses and has short hair. One cannot ascertain his facial features because his back is towards the camera. So, the observer is unable to guess his race.
The man in the picture above appears to be over 25 years. The hairs of the boy are short and can be seen wearing a black shirt and blue or black jeans with white and black converse. The Asian featured boy is possibly carrying a backpack on his right shoulder. He appears to be lost in his own thoughts.
The boy in the footage above is walking with his group of friends in a company. He is smiling while walking. The chubby boy is wearing a grey formal shirt with blue jeans and brown leather shoes. He is sporting a trendy wrist watch on his left hand and carrying a backpack on his shoulders. The hairs of this medium-profile boy are short and black.
The bespectacled girl in the footage above has neatly tied up her black hair. She is sporting a red hood zipper jacket over a white shirt and black trousers. In her right hand, she can be seen carrying a tote bag. Through her features, one can ascertain her of belonging to an Asian country.
The girl in the image above is wearing mint shaded silk top with black capris. Over the top, one can spot her wearing a mustard coloured jacket or cardigan. To complete her look, she has adorned black sports shoes. In her left hand, one can see her carrying a red bag while in her right, she is carrying a tote bag. The girl looks Asian in feature and has short black hair.
The tall, slim and young Asian woman is wearing a smart jumper over her formal shirt and black jeans. She can be seen sporting a briefcase like a laptop bag in her right hand and her tote bag on the left. On the same side as of the tote bag, one can spot a wrist watch. The girl is smiling, so she might be walking in a group. Her shoes are black in colour.
As one can see, the girl's back can be spotted in the image above and she is holding a plastic bag in her left hand. She is looking away instead of in her direction. There might be something amusing going on. The bespectacled girl is wearing a black hood jacket where the colour of the hood is hot pink. Below, she can be spotted wearing white jeans and floaters. The thin and petite girl has kept her right hand on her head supposedly.
The woman in the image above can be spotted wearing a white frill top with a blue jacket and black jeans along with flip flops. She is carrying a tote bag on her right shoulder. She is looking down on the path while walking. Her hairs are short and black in colour.
The boy in the footage above has extremely short hairs resembling crew cut. The bespectacled boy is wearing a black shirt and blue jeans with sports shoes. He might be carrying a black messenger bag and a jacket in his right hand. The features of the boy cannot be ascertained with perfection but it can be gauged that he might belong to an Asian country.
The tall lean boy is walking away from the camera so there is a possibility that he might be exiting the premise. He is wearing a lapis shaded shirt with grey jeans and shoes. His hairs are short, black and perfectly combed. It is unsure, but he might be holding something in his right hand.
The boy in the image is wearing a grey or white coloured shirt with baggy black trousers and white sneakers. On his right shoulder, he is seen carrying a grey and black dual coloured casual bag and in the same hand, he is holding his jacket probably of black colour. The boy wears glasses and has short hair.
The woman in the image above is walking on the path. She has hung a tote bag on her left shoulder. The hairs of the woman are silky smooth, black and medium in length. She is donning a check printed T-shirt with black jeans and probably white ballerinas.
The fat man has both his hands in front closer to his chest and since he is facing away from the camera, it cannot be ascertained what he is doing. So, this guy is wearing a black jacket and jeans along with the same coloured bag. But, his bag sports of some design. The hair of the boy is short and trimmed.
The boy in the footage above is wearing a cute little-printed tee shirt. There are two cartoon characters printed on his white tee that reads Sugar and some other word in blue. With that, he is wearing black jeans and seafoam shaded sneakers. The boys' hairs are quite long and silky. He is carrying probably a book in his left hand.
The smart man in the footage above has probably a plastic water bottle in his right hand. He is wearing a moss-shaded formal shirt where his sleeves are rolled up to his elbow and blue jeans with shoes. The boy can be seen carrying a black sling bag and his hairs are short and neatly trimmed and combed.
One can see this boy's back who is carrying a black casual bag over his white shirt. For legs, he preferred teaming his shirt with skin coloured trousers or jeans and shoes. The boys' hair is voluminous and completely black in colour. His back is seen because he might be leaving the building.
As the observer, one can tell that this fellow is chilled. He has his left-hand on the same side of the jean's pocket. Here itself, he is wearing a wrist watch probably. The man is wearing cobalt casual tee with black jeans and black and white sports shoes. He wears spectacles and has short black hair.
The man in the footage above definitely looks like Chinese. He can be seen sporting round frame glasses. His hairs are short and black. The boy is wearing black or dark grey casual t-shirt and light blue jeans. He is probably carrying a bag on his right shoulder.
The young lad here is doing something on his mobile phone. He is busy in his activity. The man is said to be wearing a black casual tee with blue or grey jeans and white sports shoes. The hairs of this boy are short and nothing about his features can be ascertained because his head is down.
It is appearing that the man behind is calling out to the woman in front. The bespectacled boy has his right hand on his forehead. He is wearing a black, white and teal-grey combination casual tee with skin toned trousers and black shoes. The slim boy can also be seen wearing a black backpack.
The girl in the image is wearing a black top that has a piping with white. She can be seen in her grey or black trousers and ballerinas. The girl's feature points her out to be an Asian. She wears spectacles and is spotted with carrying a grey file or book in her left hand. She has medium length hairs and has left them open.
There we see an aged man who is probably walking with someone. His body language tells as if he is talking to somebody. The bespectacled man might be in his 50s with grey hair. He is wearing a white or grey polo shirt that has a black collar. Over it, he can be seen sporting black and blue shaded jacket along with a pair of trousers. He is holding something in his left hand.
One can see a boy walking down the path probably in the opposite direction of where the camera is placed. He is carrying a black backpack on his bottle green sweatshirt or hood jacket. Below, he has chosen to wear black jeans. The hairs of this boy are short and bulky.
Now, that's being a little-jazzed up! The woman in question is carrying a neon shaded red to a hot pink coloured bag along with a matching pair of flip-flops. She is wearing black hood jacket that has three or four horizontal white stripes on the arm with black jeans. The girl has neatly tied up her hair into a ponytail.
The man in the footage above is wearing a sling bag and he can be spotted wearing a pink formal shirt with black trousers or jeans. The hair of this boy is of medium length and black in colour. He appears to be of Asian descent. He his holding the strap of his sling bag using his right hand.
With a casual sense of dressing style, here comes a young boy wearing lime polo T-shirt that has black vertical stripes over it. He can be seen pairing it with brown shorts and similar hued flip flops. He is carrying something in his left hand and one can spot him wearing a black bag. His body language suggests that he might be speaking to someone.
The man above can be seen sporting a backpack of navy blue or black coloured on his black and grey vertically striped hood jacket. Below, he is wearing black jeans or trousers along with supposedly, a pair of black formal or informal shoes. The observer can spot a messenger bag kind of a thing in his right hand. The boys hairs are short and neatly trimmed.
here we find a fat probably a woman with a bob-cut hairstyle. She can be seen donning a bright red or orange casual tee along with black or navy blue jeans. So far her shoes are concerned, she is wearing a red and white sneakers. She is probably itching her forehead using her right hand.
The young and slim boy in the footage above definitely belongs to some Asian country. One can tell just by looking at his features. The boy has voluminous hair growth and his forehead is covered with black hairs. He is walking with a black tote bag in his right hand while in his left, one can spot a wrist watch. In the image above, he can be seen wearing a white tee which has an image of hat printed along with black jeans.
The boy in the footage above is talking to someone on phone. His phone is in right hand. The young fellow is wearing a black vertical white striped hood jacket along with grey jeans or trousers and white or grey sneakers. He is carrying a red coloured backpack. The hairs of this boy are short and combed.
There we can spot a redhead woman with short hairs probably bob cut. She is dressed in an all-black attire with black jumper and jeans. She has kept her left hand probably on her forehead either to itch or for some other reason best known to her. She can be spotted wearing white shoes.
We can see a woman with spectacles walking in the opposite direction of the camera. She is wearing a grey and black jumper or cardigan along with black long top and jeans. To complete her look, the woman prefers to adorn white sports shoes. Her hairs are short and with front bangs. She is carrying something in her left hand.
The girl in the picture above is dressed in black starting from black jumper or jacket to black jeans or trousers. She can be seen sporting either black ballerinas or sneakers. The lady is probably holding something in her both hands, but it cannot be said with accuracy. The tone of the hairs is jet black and she has left it open.
There are two girls in the image and we shall talk about the girl at the back. She is walking in a company wearing a cute little long sweater which has a little kitten printed on it with black jeans. The slim profile girl is sporting the bob cut bangs and red converse shoes. The Asian girl wears spectacles and she has put her left arm on the arm of the woman walking ahead of her. She is also carrying a black backpack.
One can see a fairly fat man in the footage. He must be somewhere around in his 40s or probably 50s. The Asian man is formally attired with a white formal shirt and black trousers and black with silver buckle belt. He is probably keeping something in his left shirt pocket using the same hand. He is carrying a messenger back on his right shoulder. The hair of this man is short.
The woman as we can see it in the image above is carrying a black messenger bag on her right shoulders. She is probably walking with folded hands clasped to her chest. There is also a possibility that she is carrying another bag with her left hand. The girls' hair are short and she is wearing a white jumper along with baby pink trousers or skirt.
This young lady in the image is watching in another direction, away from the camera. She can be seen sporting red and white vertically striped cardigan along with a red casual backpack. Underneath the cardigan, the bespectacled girl is sporting a casual tee with black jeans. She has long hairs which she prefers it to leave it open. The girl's features tell us that she might belong to any Asian country.
The man in the footage has short hair but they are not neatly combed.He is carrying his cell phone in his left hand and is listening to something because he has his headphones in his ears. The boy is carrying his bag on his right shoulder. For clothes, he has chosen to wear a shirt and long black jacket along with grey trousers and converse shoes. He can also be seen sporting a muffler.
The boy is walking on the path and is completely engaged on his cell phone which he has held in his right hand. He is watching something with the headphones in his ears. The bespectacled boy has short hair and suits his short frame. He is wearing black tee along with beige or light grey trousers which he has given two-folds. To sport the casual look, he is wearing black and white sneakers. On his left hand, one can notice a black wrist watch. While in his right trouser's pocket, one can spot a wallet like a thing. Ah, he is also carrying a backpack.
The short hair woman in the photo above can be seen carrying a black tote bag on her left shoulder. She is wearing a white sheer see through top that has open checks. Beneath, she might be wearing a black spaghetti to pair it with her black jeans. Down below, she is donning ballerinas.
Just like his peers, this slim man is also looking at something amusing. He can be seen smiling a little. The short hair of the boy is complementing his tall height. He is wearing a lime tee with dark grey or black jacket, jeans and white and black sports shoes. He can be seen carrying a backpack.
One can clearly say that the young fellow in the footage above belongs to a Chinese or Japanese origin. He is looking at someone or something. The bespectacled boy has long hair and is appearing quite untidy. He is wearing a black tee and a black long jacket on top of it with grey trousers or jeans and sneakers. The petite boy is carrying a black bag on his shoulders. Also, he is clutching on to something as if trying to open it with his right hand.
A heavy to medium profile woman can be spotted carrying a black and white animal print tote bag on her right shoulder. Her black hairs are of medium length and she prefers it to remain open. The girl is wearing a grey hood jacket along with black jeans or trouser. One cannot see her image because she is walking in the opposite direction of the camera.
The smart lady in the image above is walking in a check printed black and white formal full-sleeve shirt with a pair of shorts or skirt. Right down on her feet, black boots can be spotted. She is carrying a dark coloured probably black jacket in her left hand. In the front of the same hand, she is carrying some other thing, but due to low resolution, the product is unidentifiable. She has short hairs and side bangs hairstyle. The woman appears to be of Asian descent.
A young slim boy can be spotted in the image above who is wearing a check printed black and white jacket along with light shaded probably light grey or beige coloured jeans or trousers. He has put his right hand in the trouser's pocket whereas he can be seen carrying a backpack on his left shoulder. To the visual eye, it can be said that he is wearing black loafers or sneakers. The hairs of this boy are short.
Here, one can spot a medium-profile girl watching something intently on her cell phone. She might be reading a message or calling someone. Both her hands are occupied. The cell phone is in her right hand while a glass of Diet Coke sort of drink is in her left hand. She has clasped a really heavy book or notebook through her chest on the left side. Her hairs are of medium length and black in colour. She is carrying a tote bag. SO far as clothes are concerned, she is wearing green top and red jacket with white shorts.
We can see a pretty and Asian featured girl dressed in white V-neck shirt and red shrug along with shorts. The bespectacled girl can be seen carrying a bag on her shoulders. She is wearing a black wristwatch on her left hand. Ahead of the watch, there is also a red band or bracelet thing can be spotted. Her hairs are long and she is seen flaunting it by leaving it untied.
The footage above shows a young boy who is giving a surprised reaction. Probably something has happened in the direction he is looking. The bespectacled boy has black hairs. He is carrying a backpack. Apart from that, he is wearing a black tee which has a mountain-like image printed along with black jeans and shoes. He is also wearing a grey cardigan or shrug.
The Chinese or Japanese girl is probably stepping the staircase. She can be seen wearing a black long top with black jeans and high black and white heels. On her left hand, she is carrying a red tote bag. The girl wears glasses and she has left her hair open.
A tall boy can be seen walking on the path with a black messenger bag or a laptop bag in his left hand. So far his attire is concerned, he is spotted wearing red or maroon shade shirt with off white shorts and white sports shoes. He has short hair that is covering his forehead. The man is definitely looking an Asian.
The girl in the picture has tied her hair up with an orange clip. Her hairs are not appearing to be silky smooth as that of her peers. On the dress front, she is wearing black trousers or jeans and brown top with black sandals. She is also carrying a green strapped casual bag on her left shoulder.
The boy in the image above is carrying a black Nike backpack. He also has a folder, notebook or set of white sheets in his right hand. For the clothes, one can spot him wearing grey hood jacket or sweatshirt along with black jeans and sports shoes or sneakers. The height of this boy is good and his hairs are black in colour.
We can see the image of a girl walking on the path carrying a mustard shade tote bag on her right shoulder. She has neatly tied her hairs with a rubber band in a ponytail. The girl is wearing a one-piece dress that has something printed on it with black and white. Over the top, there is a black jacket. Below, she is seen wearing silver ballerinas and black stockings.
A young lady in the image above is looking in a rush. She is donning a black and white top with baby pink jeans or trousers. She is slim and tall. The height might be due to the black heels that she is wearing. The girl is carrying a black sling or messenger bag on her right shoulder. She has a U-cut hairstyle and so her hairs are short.
A cute medium-height boy seemingly belongs to the Asian origin. He is wearing a bright red or orange casual tee which has something printed with yellow on it. He has teamed it up with black or blue jeans and red sneakers or sports shoes. His hairs are long compared to other men and are side parted.
The girl in the image above is wearing vertical striped grey and black cardigan. On the top of the cardigan, there is a single red vertical stripe. She is walking with her hands clasped behind near her butt. In her hand, one can spot something. It might be her cell phone or a wallet. Below, the cardigan, she is wearing black jeans. She has medium length hair and she has left them open.
One can see a black hood jacket and beige trouser attired young, slim and short man walking on the path. It is probable that he is leaving the building because his back is towards us. The boy has short, black and neatly trimmed hair. He is walking in sports shoes and both hands folded and towards his chest.
A girl, as the observer can see, is holding probably her cell phone in both hands. Her both hands are full with bags. In her left hand, she is carrying a blue plastic or paper bag while in her right, she is carrying a tote bag. Her attire is cool with black spaghetti top and checks printed full-sleeve shirt folded to reach elbows and the dark shade hosiery shorts. She has completed her look with ballerinas for footwear and open hairs.
The heavy built man in the photo above is probably leaving the building. HE is wearing a checked white and dark shade printed formal shirt with an off-white or beige fitted trousers along with a pair of black and white sneakers. He is seen carrying a black casual bag as well.
The girl in the footage is probably exiting the premise. She has kept her left hand in her pocket jeans. As one can see here, she is dressed in an all-black attire. A black casual tee with a pair of same shade jeans is making up her costume. Her medium-length black hairs are left open and she is carrying either a sling bag or tote bag on her right shoulder.
As we can see in the footage above, the young man is looking away from the camera and in some other direction. He is wearing either a brown polo shirt or casual tee with black jeans and black casual backpack. If one watch closely at his bag, there is some yellow thing hanging from one end of the bag. It might be a soft toy, key chain. The bespectacled boy has short black hairs.
A young short boy is looking in some other direction while walking on the path. He is carrying a black sling bag on his right shoulder. The hairs of this boy are trimmed, short and black in colour. He is wearing white casual tee with grey or blue jeans and red converse or sneaker shoes.
As we can see the medium-built short man is walking in opposite direction of the camera. The young fellow can be seen in probably grey shirt and black or grey baggy jeans or trousers along with matching sneakers. His grey and black combination backpack can also be seen in this picture. His hair is fairly long, curly and voluminous.
The boy in this image is jazzed up with orange or mustard coloured shorts, black tee and a grey hood jacket. The height of the boy is good probably 5'10" or 5'11". He is wearing spectacles and carrying a backpack. He has kept both his hands inside the jacket's pocket. He is wearing white sneakers.
The boy in this image is looking at someone. He is giving some expression probably of a 'hello' or 'what?' The boy is carrying a briefcase or a laptop like a bag in his left hand. This bespectacled boy is wearing a white top with a warm blue jacket and black jeans. His short hairs appear to be of different colour and don't appear to be of Asian origin.
A slim-built young boy can be spotted in the image above. He is dressed in the universal colour black from head to toe. On top, he is wearing a black coloured tee with black trousers or jeans. For footwear, he has chosen a different coloured sneakers probably red. He is carrying a black backpack. The hairs of the boy are short and trimmed.
The girl in the image above is away from the camera. There is a possibility that she might be leaving the premises. She is carrying a white tote bag on her left shoulder. So far as clothes are concerned, she is sporting a black shrug with off white or light blue jeans with sneakers. Though it is unclear, but it can be said that she adorns eyewear. Also, her hair length is medium.
The boy in the image above is looking down on the path. HE is carrying a backpack on his right shoulder. The bespectacled boy is dressed in a formal with a black grey shirt and black trousers. the boy's hairs are short and black in colour. His ethnicity cannot be ascertained due to low visibility of the image.
The girl in the image above is conveniently flaunting her side bangs hairstyle. She is carrying a maroon laptop like a briefcase in her left hand and some other paper bag in her right. For clothes, she is wearing a floral printed top with navy blue denim shorts and a black shrug over it with a sling bag as well.
A young, slim and fairly tall girl is walking on the path and is busy looking at something. She is wearing a white casual tee with a pair of blue jeans and ballerinas. The girl prefers to let her hair open. In her right hand, one can spot something, probably her cell phone while in her left, she is carrying a tote bag.
The woman in the picture above is reading something on her mobile phone which she is holding in her right hand. Towards her left, she is carrying a sheet of paper. The slim girl is wearing a grey or other light shade casual tee with black jeans and shoes. Her hairs are short and are not completely black in colour. She is also carrying a backpack on her shoulders.
The girl in the image above is of medium-profile. She can be seen flaunting her retro-inspired bangs. As far as clothes are in question, she is wearing a black casual tee which has 'HOLLISTER' printed on it with white along with a thigh high grey skirt and light shade ballerinas. The woman's feature resembles her to be of Asian descent.
The boy in a perfect contrast of light grey and black grey is looking at something amusing. He is wearing the jumper with a pair of black trousers or jeans and black sneakers. The petite boy has rolled up puffed cheeks and he definitely belongs to some Asian country. His hairs are short and black in colour. He is wearing a casual backpack.
The Asian looking girl in this image can be seen wearing a black long overcoat with light shaded jeans or trousers. The slim girl has long flowing black hairs and she is looking at something in this image as she is walking. Her hands are free and there is something on her coat. There might be a belt.
The Chinese or Japanese man is lost in his thoughts. He is wearing a white hood jacket with grey short trousers. A black sling bag is running from his left shoulder to down. Under the jacket, he is wearing a white or grey shirt and for footwear, he preferred wearing white sports shoes. The bespectacled boy's hairs are black and short.
The petite boy is walking away from where the camera is placed. He is carrying a blue casual backpack and standing upright in the picture. For clothes, he is wearing black tee with a baggy trousers or jeans. His hairs are of medium length, voluminous and black in colour.
The cheerful girl is casually walking and smiling. There might be a possibility that she is walking in a group and talking. She has clasped both hands and can be seen carrying a backpack as well as another black coloured bulky bag in her right hand. She is sporting a white round dial wrist watch in her left hand. So far as the attire is concerned, she is wearing a hot pink top with a grey shrug and black jeans along with white sports shoes. Her hairs are neatly tied up in a ponytail.
The tall fellow in the footage above is probably carrying his back in the front. It is in his right hand. The boy is also wearing chain around his neck. His physical attributes include short, black hair and slim body. His attire includes a black tee with same shade jeans and shoes.
A slim girl with short black hair is walking in the opposite direction of the camera. She is probably exiting the building. The girl can be seen wearing a black jacket and blue jeans. Underneath the jacket, a faint white shirt can be spotted. In her left hand, she is carrying a tote bag.
A slim girl with dark long hair, wearing a dark coloured jumper, either dark blue or black, white shorts, and orange or brown boots. There are white horizontal stripes on her jacket. She is holding something, possibly a book or a laptop, in her right hand and may be carrying a bag on her back. She wears a black bracelet on her left wrist. The girl is facing the camera and smiling.
As one can see above, the girl is of Asian descent. She is carrying a heavy black file in both hands while a beige or skin coloured tote bag hangs down from her left arm. She is wearing a black long top with jeans and dark shaded ballerinas. The hairs of this woman are long and she is wearing round-frame eyewear.
A young boy is looking away from the camera probably to some happening going in the direction. He is wearing a black jumper on a blue formal shirt and black baggy jeans or trousers. For the footwear, he can be seen sporting black and white converse or sneaker shoes. The hairs of this boy are ultra-short and his appearance tell him to be of Asian origin.
The boy in the image above is looking on the floor while walking. He is carrying a blue coloured file or folder in his left hand but he has clasped it with both hands. On the same side, he can be seen carrying a backpack. The bespectacled boy is wearing a red jumper and black jeans along with white and black sneakers. His hairs are short, trimmed and black in colour.
The Asian looking girl in the image above can be seen sporting a vertically striped black and white zipper jacket, black jeans, converse shoes along with a red bag. The girl is wearing spectacles and she has done side parted bangs for her hairstyle. Her hairs are of medium length and black in colour.
As the observer, one can note that the medium-height boy is wearing a green polo T-shirt along with black jeans. For the footwear, he can be seen sporting black shoes. In his right hand, he is carrying something probably a book or a file. The hair of this boy are short and black in colour.
The boy here is looking in another direction and he is probably exiting the premise because we can see his back from the camera footage. The boy is dressed in black with black jacket and jeans. He is carrying a bulky beige coloured sling bag. The bespectacled boy is also seen sporting white sports shoes that has black stripes.
The boy has taken off his jacket and can be seen carrying in his right hand. He is wearing a cool blue polo shirt with black jeans and matching cool blue sports shoes. The boy wears glasses and is currently carrying a casual backpack on his shoulders. His hairs are short and side parted.
As one can clearly see that the boy looks a lot like Asian. He is casually walking on the path. He can be seen wearing a dark grey jumper with black jeans. On his right shoulder, he is carrying a messenger bag. The bespectacled boy is also wearing a wrist watch on his left hand. The hairs of the boy are of medium length and are covering his forehead.
The boy in the picture above is looking at something or someone. There is a possibility that he might be talking to someone as well. His hairs are too short and he is holding something in both hands. Apart from that, his attire includes a white shirt with a white jacket with patches of red and blue here and there along with black trousers and white sports shoes. He is carrying a bulky sling bag as well.
An Asian-looking fellow is walking down the lane. He is wearing a white zipper hood jacket on his blue jeans. For footwear, he chose to keep it simple with white sports shoes. The bespectacled boy is also carrying a red sling bag that is running through the left shoulder. The hair of this boy are short and neatly combed.
The lady in the footage above is probably leaving the building as one can see her back from the camera. she is carrying a book like a thing in her left hand and can be seen wearing a black shrug with blue jeans and white sneakers. Her hairs are of medium length and black coloured. She prefers to keep them open.
The boy in the above image can be seen carrying a cute looking face shaped white backpack. He is wearing a white casual tee with black and grey check shaded trousers. The hairs of the boy are black and short. He is also wearing probably green coloured ankle socks with sports shoes. He is walking in the opposite direction of the camera.
A girl as one can see in the above image is wearing a black collared coat. With a coat, she can be spotted wearing black jeans. The girl's hair is short and black in colour. She has neatly tied her hair up in a ponytail. Other people probably her peers are walking beside her.
The boys' back can be spotted and he is walking down the lane opposite to the direction of the camera. He is wearing a grey hood jacket wherein the hood has something printed on it. Below, the jacket he can be seen wearing black jeans and white sports shoes. The short boy has dark, black short hair.
Here, this woman is looking away from the camera. She is talking out something from her tote bag which is grey and purple check in colour. She is carrying the bag in her right hand. The slim, tall, bespectacled girl is wearing a long body-hugging magenta jumper with big polka dots and black jeans and boots.
The woman in the picture above is clearly of Asian origin and is wearing a hot pink casual top with light blue jeans. She is carrying either a red or pink tote bag on her right shoulder and with both hands, she is clasping or adjusting something. The girl wears spectacles and has neatly tied her hairs into a bun or ponytail. She is wearing a long chain. Below, she is wearing bright-hued sneakers or sandals.
A smart young lady of Asian origin can be seen here wearing a formal black jacket with body hugging jeggings. Underneath the jacket, the miss has worn a white or grey top. Below, she can be seen wearing orange or fuchsia pink coloured ballerinas. She has left her hair loose open.
There, we can see a tall man in complete formals. He is wearing a cool blue or a white formal shirt along with a pair of off-white taper trousers. His wallet or mobile phone can be spotted at the back of his trousers' pocket. In his left hand, he is carrying a black messenger bag. The hair of this man is short and black in colour
The boy's face is covered but his other attributes are as follows - Probably he is wearing army green baggy trousers with a navy blue shirt and black sports shoes. His tee has something printed over it. The short boy is also carrying bag on his shoulders. He is looking away from the camera in a forward direction.
The slim-profile boy is looking away from the camera. The young fellow is walking with his left hand inside his jean's pocket. So far his outfit is concerned, he is wearing a smart black jacket along with black jeans. Underneath the jacket, he is seen wearing a white polo shirt. To complete his look, he has sported white sneakers. On his right shoulder, he has hung his bag.
Since it is the boys' back, his hairs have taken the centre stage. They are voluminous and he is sporting a black tee with dark shade trousers and white sneakers. On the shoulders, he can be seen carrying a black casual backpack. He is probably leaving the building.
Here, a heavy-built man is carrying a black sling bag over his dark shaded polo T-shirt. The colour of his trousers is unrecognisable, but it might be something light in colour. The hairs of this young fellow is very short.
The boy in the image above is standing in attention position. He is wearing a green casual t-shirt with black jeans. Across his shoulders, one can spot a grey or any other light-coloured backpack. The centre of the backpack contains a motif. The boy's hair is short and neatly trimmed and combed.
There we can see a slim man who has kept his left hand in his baggy jean's or trouser's pocket while he has held a cell phone in his right hand. We can spot him with eyewear and a sling bag. His jacket is white in colour with a slight tinge of blue on shoulders, neck and arms. Underneath, he has worn a white casual tee along with a pair of black sneakers. This man definitely looks Asian.
One can spot the back side of the person as he might be leaving the building. This man is wearing a cool light shade casual tee with a pair of blue or black jeans and can be spotted with a black backpack on his shoulders. His hairs are short and black in colour.
Here, we can see a girl walking down the lane with a black and white printed bag in her left hand and a bundle of papers, books or files in her right. She is dressed in black with black top and same coloured jeans or body hugging leggings. She is wearing a grey shrug over the black spaghetti top. For footwear, she can be seen wearing black sneakers. One can spot her with a tiny, but sparkling pendant in her neck and a black wrist watch or bracelet in her left hand.
The man here is appearing to be of Asian descent and he is carrying a messenger bag in his right hand and can be seen wearing formal check shirt with black jeans and white shoes or sneakers. The boy has medium-length, black hair and he wears spectacles. He is seen stepping up the ladder.
Here, the lady can be seen a pink frilly jumper over a white long lace shirt. Beneath she can be seen wearing 3/4 black leggings. To that all, she has complemented it with peach coloured ballerinas. She is wearing a long chain with a bold pendant in the centre. In her right hand, one can see a tote bag while in her left, she is holding a black briefcase kind of bag along with folded papers.
In the picture above, one can spot a slim guy with medium-height carrying a black sling bag across his shoulders. He is wearing a white shirt with grey or black trousers and black shoes. The hairs of this man are short and trimmed. Since one can see his back, he might be leaving the building.
The man is probably looking older than his peers. He is wearing a green polo shirt with a grey jacket and black trousers. This man wears glasses and can be seen carrying backpack on his shoulders. He has kept both his hands in his jacket's pocket. The hair of this Asian looking boy is very short.
The fellow in the footage is away from the camera. He might be exiting the premises. So, this lad is wearing a black hood sweatshirt and black jeans. Under the jacket, he can be spotted with wearing a green polo T-shirt. White sports shoes make way to his foot. He has kept his left hand in the trouser's or jeans' pocket. And the hair of this boy is black and short.
The lady in this image is wearing a casual outfit and dressed in an all-black attire. She can be seen sporting a black casual tee with a big 'e' printed on it along with a pair of black jeans. Over the top, she is wearing a hood jacket. Both of her hands are inside the sweatshirt. Also, her hairs are of medium length and she prefers it to remain open.
The smiling boy is probably walking in a group. His features resonate with being South Asian. He is wearing a grey hood sweatshirt over the black tee and grey trousers. Below, he is wearing red and white sneakers. On the bag front, the bespectacled boy is carrying an unusual (for men) yellow colour tote bag on his right shoulder.
A girl in the image above can be attributed to being of Asian origin. She has fairly long black hairs which she has left open. She is wearing black body hugging leggings over sea blue and white lacy long top. Over it, she can be seen wearing white hood zipper jacket. Also, the colour of her sneakers is white.
The woman here is looking at something away from the camera. She is effortlessly flaunting her side bangs. So far as her attire is concerned, one can spot a zipper jacket and full-sleeve top or jumper and black jeans with brown leather boots. She is carrying something in both hands. On the right side, there is a briefcase like bag while on the left, there is a sling bag.
This young boy is wearing a clinical mask. He might be having some infection or want to stay away from the pollution in the city. So, this young man is walking in his sleeveless grey jacket and black casual tee with grey jeans. On the footwear front, he is wearing red and black shoes. The bespectacled boy is also carrying a bag.
A girl appearing over 25 years of age browsing through her phone which is in her right hand. The phone has a flip cover possibly of red or pink colour. She is wearing white silk shirt and black cardigan with black jeans. To complete her black and white look, she has worn red sandals. In her right arm, one can see her carrying an orange tote bag.
The girl in the footage above is wearing a white hood jacket and probably blue jeans. On her right shoulder, one can see a black colour tote bag. Her hairs are of medium length and black in colour. They are left open that is reaching below the shoulders. There is a possibility that she might be leaving the premises.
The healthy -profile girl is bespectacled and probably belongs to some Asian country. She is carrying something in her right hand but it is unclear. In her left hand, she is carrying a green coloured tote bag and cell phone. In clothes, she is wearing black jacket and white long top with black trousers or jeans and white shoes.
Here comes a medium-profile man appearing to be of Asian descent. He is wearing dark coloured shorts with white casual shirt and black sling bag. The boy in his 20s wears black round-shaped glasses. His hairs are silky, short and trimmed. So far his footwear is concerned, he is probably wearing crocs.
We can see the image of the boy's back who is wearing a grey hood jacket and dark toned jacket or trousers. The most striking feature of his appearance is his red-hued hairs. They are well-trimmed but red in colour. He has kept something in his back pocket, but due to low resolution, the thing is unidentifiable.
The boy's back image can be spotted in this footage. He might be exiting the premises. He is fairly tall and can be seen carrying a red sling bag with probably brown belt. The lad is wearing yellow tee with black jeans and shoes. Her hairs are fairly long and black in colour.
One can see the boy's back in this footage. He is carrying a red coloured tote bag on his right shoulder and working on the cell phone using the same hand. His hairs are short and black in colour. He is wearing a black hood jacket with loose grey trousers or jeans and converse shoes.
The lady above is wearing a peach and grey striped top with off-white to bluish toned thigh-high shorts. She is carrying the bob-cut hairstyle with ease and has a white and black tote bag on her left shoulder. Her face cannot be seen because she is walking in the opposite direction of the camera.
The studious girl is walking with two books or notebooks in her right hand. She is wearing a black and white striped muffler between the top and black jacket. The medium-profile woman is wearing black jeans and white shoes. The bespectacled woman has left her hairs open.
In the image above, the boy does not appear to be of Asian origin. He is appearing to be different. He has this big bunch of curly hair over his head and the hairs are coming over to his forehead. He is carrying the sling bag over his grey shirt and black jeans. There is a possibility that he is holding something, but what it is, is questionable.
As the image says that the young one is looking at someone. The athletic built boy of Asian descent is walking comfortably in his teal grey shorts and light grey casual tee. He is carrying a black backpack and dons spectacles. Below, one can spot sports shoes. His hairs are short, black and trimmed.
The boy's back can be spotted in this picture. This suggests, that he might be leaving the premise and that's how the camera is in the opposite direction of his walk. This boy is wearing grey or green cardigan with blue jeans and black backpack. His hairs are short and neatly trimmed.
The girl in this image is probably itching herself in the eye using her right hand. She is holding a green or blue coloured file or folder in her left hand. The girl is dressed in pink and black jeans with white shoes and black casual backpack on her shoulders.
We can see this boy engaged in something possibly on his cell phone. He might be playing a game or reading a message. The young lad is dressed in the universal colour - black. He is spotted wearing black shirt and trousers. In fact, his bag and wrist watch also appears to be of the same colour. For footwear, he has worn white sports shoes. He is wearing a watch on his left wrist.
The young boy is behind a group of people. He is wearing a grey, off-white and black striped combination jacket along with a pair of teal grey trousers and white sneakers. Apart from that, his hairs are short and black in colour. He can be seen carrying black and blue check printed backpack.
The girl in the footage is walking behind another person. She is effortlessly flaunting her retro-inspired straight bangs. The girl is appearing to be of the Asian origin. Here, the bespectacled girl is seen wearing a white full-sleeve top with black jeans and probably brown loafers.
One can suggest that the boy might be thinking something because he is walking with his head down. Also, he is dressed in the universal colour black from head to toe. The tote bag is in his right hand and is of sea green colour. He is wearing a black jumper with same shade jeans and sneakers. The fellow is said to be wearing glasses.
One can see a young slim boy walking down the road. He is wearing a white polo shirt with grey or light blue jeans and white sneakers. The boy's hairs are short and trimmed. He is seen carrying a black backpack on his shoulder. On his left wrist, one can spot a black coloured bracelet or watch.
As the observers, we can see the back of this fellow. He might be leaving the premise that is why the camera has captured its back side. The man is walking in half-sleeve white formal shirt and grey trousers with black sneakers. He is carrying a black backpack.
The person in the image above is either itching himself on the face using his right finger or thinking something. He can be seen carrying a sling bag and is wearing a black zipper jacket with blue jeans and white sports shoes. The features of this young boy state that he belongs to any Asian community. Also, his hairs are short and black coloured.
As the observers, we can see the person's back. The man is dressed in formal attire and has been injured. His right hand has plaster and the grey belt that is running across his shoulder tells this. While he has hung his black bag on his left shoulder. The person has short hair and is wearing white shirt with off-white trousers.
The cheerful Asian girl above is smiling at someone. She is holding a foldable paper in her left hand. As per the footage, the girl is wearing an orange top on which an abstract design is printed on her top along with a pair of jeans and hot pink laced shoes. Over the top, she is wearing a hood jacket which is supposedly grey in colour but the colour of the hood is navy blue.She is probably carrying a huge messenger kind of bag.
A healthy woman with black top and dark shade probably teal grey trousers is walking in the same direction as others are. She is talking to someone on phone. The bespectacled woman has side bangs as her hairstyle and can be seen sporting red sneakers. Though it is unclear, but it might be concluded that she is carrying a bag on her right shoulder.
The slim fit Asian girl in the image above is wearing a full-sleeve pink top which has something printed on it with bright colour and black Capri along with flat sandal that consists of a bow motif. She has left her hair open and can be seen carrying a tote bag on her right shoulder.
The crowd is there in the above picture, but the girl in question is wearing bottle green top with sea green shorts. She can be seen exclaiming the OMG! reaction. One can spot her carrying a tote bag on her right shoulder and she has styled her hair with side bangs. So far as the ethnicity of the lady is concerned, that is unknown because she has covered her face with both her hands.
As the observer, we can see that the girl is probably talking with someone on phone. The lady has held her cell phone in her right hand and it is attached to the headphones. The girl is wearing a one-piece black dress and a pink colour cardigan over it. Towards the left hand, she is seen sporting a pink colour tote bag. For footwear, she has opted to wear black boots.
Here, one can see the image of a girl who is probably talking to someone. She is sporting a classic black and white T-shirt and a dark shade zipper jacket. Below, the slim girl can be seen wearing black jeans paired with caramel shaded ballerinas. The length of her black hair is fairly fine and she has chosen to left it open. Towards the left end, she is probably carrying the tote bag.
A young boy is walking inside a building wearing check white-black or white-grey formal shirt along with a pair of black jeans. He is looking somewhere else rather than heading straight to his destination. There might be something happening to his left. To the observer, it seems that the boy is wearing frameless glasses. His hair is covering his forehead.
The bespectacled boy in the image is listening to music either from his phone or iPod. The Asian man is looking somewhere because he is not walking straight and rather looking in a different direction. The boy is carrying a black bag over his pink shirt. Below, he can be seen wearing black jeans and Nike shoes.
The woman in the image above is resembling an Asian citizen. She is wearing black tee and grey and black striped cardigan along with a pair of jeans and shoes. In her right hand, she is carrying the tote bag, while in her left, she is carrying something in a plastic bag. Her eyewear is black in colour, so there might be a possibility of her wearing either the photochromatic lenses or shades. The girl has neatly tied up her hair in a ponytail.
A young boy in the picture above is appearing to be talking to someone. It can be said that he might have just removed his check print shirt or jacket. Here, one can see him wearing a grey long shirt along with dark coloured jeans and shoes. He is also carrying a black sling bag that runs through his right shoulder to down.
A boy is walking empty handed wearing black casual T-shirt and grey or other dark shaded shorts along with white sneakers. The hairs of the boy are short and black in colour. From the way of his walk, one can gauge that he is leaving the premises as he is walking in the opposite direction where the cameras are installed.
From the posture of the man's walk, it can be said that the boy is exiting the building. This boy in his early 20s is wearing a black and grey jacket with black jeans and matching converse shoes. He is carrying a black backpack on his shoulder and a messenger bag in his left hand. If one observes closely, he can spot a plastic water bottle in his bag.
The woman in the picture above is stylishly flaunting her retro-inspired bangs. Her hairs are of medium length and dark in colour. She is seen wearing red, white and blue checked formal shirt along with white shorts and footwear. The bespectacled girl is looking like an Asian. She is carrying a backpack on her shoulders.
The man in here is walking in the opposite direction of the camera. This suggests that he might be leaving the building. So, this lean boy is carrying a huge bag on his shoulder. The bag's colour is in dual-tone with black or brown overall and caramel coloured strip in the middle. He is wearing a blue formal shirt along with unidentifiable jeans or trousers.
Clearly, it alludes that the young boy in the image above is Asian. His features resemble him to be one of them. So, this fellow is sporting a black or navy blue casual T-shirt with denim shorts. Probably, he is also carrying the bag on his right shoulder. The boy has voluminous hair growth.
The bespectacled boy in the picture above is appearing to be happy. He is walking wearing a full-sleeve brown shade casual T-shirt along with a pair of white or beige coloured shorts. On his right hand, one can spot probably a brown shade messenger bag. He has short hair and is carrying a spiked hairstyle.
The woman in here is busy with her cell phone. She is reading something on the cell phone that is in her right hand. The side bangs are covering her face a little. But, it can be safely concluded that she belongs to an Asian country. The woman is holding a tote bag in her left hand and she can be seen wearing white casual shirt along with a grey hood jacket and loose black jeans with same shade sneakers.
Here, one can see a medium height, slim Asian looking young boy. He is wearing a grey hood sweatshirt which has something printed with black along with blue jeans and white sports shoes. He has folded the sweatshirt to reach the elbows. The boy also sports an eyewear and his black hair is covering his forehead. He is carrying a backpack on his right shoulder.
This boy is appearing as if he is searching for something. He has held the jacket in his right arm and is looking down on the floor. He is said to be wearing spectacles, black tee and loose jeans along with a pair of red sneakers. The colour of the jacket is grey and he is not wearing it at the moment.
The man, as we can see in the above picture, has held his cell phone in both hands. He might be playing a game on his phone. The young Asian fellow is lean and can be seen wearing a grey casual tee with loose dark coloured zipper jacket and blue jeans with white sports shoes. Though it is unclear, but he might be wearing spectacles. Also, his hairs are covering his forehead.
Here comes a very lively clothed girl. She is wearing green jazzy shoes with her black and blue coloured outfit. Her white top has something printed with blue and on top of it, she is wearing a zipper jacket, which at the moment is unzipped. Below, she is wearing black jeans. The red spectacles and bob cut side bangs are there to complete her look. She is carrying a dark-hued casual bag.
The man in the picture above is looking for someone or something. As an observer, one can see his side face which tells us that he wears glasses. The outfit includes purple colour T-shirt and black jeans along with red shoes. Apart from that, there he is seen carrying a backpack as well.
As we can see, the girl in the picture above is smiling. The bespectacled Asian woman in her early 20s. She is wearing a long grey coloured hood sweatshirt which has "SAY HELLO" printed on it along with black jeans and white sports shoes. On her back, one can spot a backpack and her shades are red in colour. Her hairstyle is straight bangs and the length is medium.
Here, the girl is somewhat itching over her forehead. Her face is hidden due to that. She can be seen wearing a white top and teal grey skirt with red jacket. Below it, she is flaunting either jeans or black stockings with a pair of white sports shoes. She is carrying something unidentifiable in her right hand and a red tote bag in her left.
The girl in the image above has left her long black hair loose that is reaching below her shoulders. She is wearing a grey long cardigan and black jeans. To jazz up a little bit, her bag is of spring green colour. She is walking in a group with other companions.
The girl in the image above is sporting a pretty casual look with denim and a grey tee and white sports shoes. Apart from that, she is carrying a black and yellow shaded backpack on her shoulders. In one of her chains, we can spot a yellow colour soft toy hanging. Her hairs are neatly tied into a ponytail.
In the image above, there is a fairly healthy woman with an aggressive walk posture. She is dressed in formals probably with sea green shirt and black baggy trousers with black boots. The middle-aged Asian woman has bob cut bangs hairstyle. In one word, she is carrying a tomboy look effortlessly.
The man's back is away from the camera and he is walking in the opposite direction where the camera is placed. He is dressed in all-black attire from head-to-toe - with a black casual tee on top and black jeans at the bottom. On the back, he is carrying a black backpack. To complete the look, he is seen wearing black and white sports shoes.
This girl above probably is leaving the premises as the spectators can see her back towards the direction of the camera. She is wearing a striped tee with hot pink and white shades with black jeans. Along with it, she is carrying the same hot pink coloured backpack. Her hairs are left loose open and she is wearing probably shoes.
A slim, slender and petite man in his 20s can be seen walking down the road holding a file or folder in his right hand. He is dressed in white - a white polo shirt and a pair of same shade fitted trousers define his outfit. For footwear, he has chosen to wear red coloured shoes. He has crew cut hairstyle and wears spectacles. Also, a watch can be spotted on his left wrist.
Here, one can spot a girl in her 20s with Asian features. She is carrying a tote bag on her right side and a cell phone kind of thing in the same hand. She is wearing a green tee with a grey jacket and light blue or greyish jeans that have been given two folds. The white sports shoes are clearly completing her look. The girl can be seen elegantly flaunting her side swept bangs. There is a possibility that she is wearing a watch on her left wrist.
If we carefully observe the woman in the image above, we can see that she is wearing a pink hood jacket with black jeans and brown boots. Her hairs are of medium length and giving brownish tone. She is carrying a backpack on her shoulders and probably also carrying a folder in her right hand.
The man in this photo is leaving with a bunch of friends. He has a folder-like something in his right hand probably. He is walking in the opposite direction of the camera. So far his attire is concerned, he is sporting a black casual tee along with grey shorts and white sports shoes. His hairs are short and black in colour.
The girl here is carrying a black file or folder in her left hand and she has also clutched a blue coloured jacket in the same side. On the other side, there is some bottle green kind of object in her hand. She has straight, long and black hair and is currently wearing black top and off-white shorts. To complement it, she has matched it with cute ballerinas.
As one can see, a slim, young man is walking with his back to the camera. He is probably engaged in his activity may be looking at his cell phone as he is walking with head lowered down. The young boy wears spectacles and is wearing a grey shirt with black jeans and yellow shoes. One can spot the black backpack on his shoulders. His hairs are short and black in colour.
As we can see that here is a girl of Asian descent carrying a backpack on her shoulders and looking at another side of the camera. She wears glasses and flaunts her straight bangs. She is wearing a dark coloured jumper and shorts. In the image, she has kept her left hand behind while her right hand inside the short's pocket.
The girl in here is sporting a casual look. She can be seen wearing a grey top and black jeans. To complete her look, she has chosen to wear black and white sports shoes. She is probably carrying a cell phone in her left hand and a black bag on the same side. The girl has neatly tied her hair probably with a clip.
The face of the boy cannot be ascertained because probably he is itching on his forehead with his left hand. In his right hand, he is carrying a small transparent bottle. The boy can be seen wearing a black shirt and red check shorts with white Adidas sports shoes. He is carrying a backpack as well.
The back of the girl can be spotted possibly due to her exit from the building. The girl is donning a funky white bag across her shoulders. Her clothes include probably a black top. Since she has long beautiful hairs, they have covered her shoulders. It is difficult to ascertain exactly which colour cloth she is wearing.
The first thing that strikes after having a look at this girl is the matching that she has done with her clothes and the shoes. She can be seen wearing a turquoise jacket with similar converse shoes. The turquoise jacket is paired with black casual tee and jeans. She is holding a folded paper in her right hand and can be seen wearing a backpack. The girl wears glasses as well.
This tall, slim and Asian guy is heading towards the building with rest of his peers. He is carrying a sling bag as well as holding something in his left hand. Here, he can be seen adorning a blue hood jumper with black jeans and black or blue sneakers. One can spot on spectacles on his eyes.
One can spot the back of the girl so she might be exiting the building. She is carrying a brown tote bag over her left shoulder. Her hairs are long and black and she has left them open. She is wearing a blue casual shirt along with black or blue jeans.
A slim, young boy is walking wearing a dual-toned casual shirt. Black and blue are the two colours that define his upper part of the attire. Something with white has been printed on the blue shirt. Below, he is wearing black jeans and black shoes. So far his hairs are concerned, they are voluminous and black in colour.
Here, a middle-aged man can be spotted in a formal attire. He might be leaving the premises because the spectators can see his back towards the camera. He is dressed in sky blue formal shirt and light shade trousers with black belt. In his left hand, he is carrying some paper packet. His scalp has less hairs than the others. Down below, he is wearing black formal shoes.
Here, three images can be spotted, but the girl on phone seems to be the clearest. She is wearing a neon-striped and black shaded jacket and is talking or dialling to someone. Her left hand is inside the jacket or jean's pocket. The girl is even said to carry a bag on his right shoulder. Her hairs are left open and her features resemble to be that of Asian.
The girl here has long, silky smooth and black hairs. She wears spectacles and is presumably looking at something with great interest. She is wearing either a grey or a white casual shirt and a grey hood jacket over it. Below, she prefers to wear black jeans and sports shoes. In her right hand, she is holding a briefcase kind of a bag.
The man in the picture above is quite engrossed in his cell phone. The Asian-looking man in his 20s is wearing a teal grey formal shirt probably with sky blue hood jacket and black jeans and sports shoes. He is appearing to carry a backpack. The young fellow wears spectacles.
The woman at the back is watching something or talking to someone. She is smiling and is holding a white tote bag in her right hand. This slim and tall girl is wearing a long grey shirt with black jeans and probably shoes or boots. She is effortlessly carrying the choppy hairstyle with bangs.
A cheerful lady is seen walking with a group of friends in the image above. She is smiling and probably talking with her friends while walking. Her features are relatively different and don't look like an Asian. She is wearing a green casual T-shirt with jacket and boyfriend shorts with flip-flops. Her hairs are open and she is carrying a green bag on her back. The lady doesn't appear to be Asian.
The boy cut, bespectacled woman in the image above is testing or checking something on her finger. She is holding a spray-like bottle in her left hand and an H&M carry bag in her right. she is also holding a tote bag on her left shoulder. For clothes, she chose to wear a grey sweatshirt with black jeans and red muffler and black or blue converse shoes.
The chubby short girl with straight bangs is presumably talking to someone or smiling after looking at something hilarious. The girl with glasses is wearing a white dotted top and a black jacket over it. To complement her look, she is wearing black jeans and white strap-on sneakers. There is also a little bag on her shoulders.
One can see a short and petite Asian girl in her 20s walking down the road. The girl is smiling as if talking to someone. She is wearing a white long shirt with a red-and-white overcoat. Her overcoat has a bow stitched towards the end. She has worn it with black jeans and lacy boots. The bespectacled girl has tied up her hair neatly in a ponytail. She is carrying a bag on her right shoulder.
The young boy is in his sports attire. With hosiery black-and-blue shorts and dark blue casual T-shirt, he can be seen walking away from the building. On his right shoulder, he has put his black coloured jacket or overcoat. The boy is wearing spectacles. He is even sporting red converse shoes. The hairs are dark, silky and black.
The woman dons black boots and jeans over a check dual-toned zipper. Inside the jacket, a black toned shirt can be spotted. She wears spectacles and she has neatly tied her hair up in a ponytail. A cell phone or something of that sort can be spotted in her right hand.
The girl in this picture resembles to be of Asian descent. She is flaunting straight bangs and is wearing a funky necklace around her neck. With a soft shaded tote bag on her right arm, she is seen walking coolly. So far as her clothes are concerned, she is wearing a grey sweatshirt and black jeans along with white sports shoes. There is something printed on the sweatshirt in pink.
The young boy in the image above is wearing an orange zipper jacket and teal grey knee-length shorts. The tall and slim boy with slender legs is sporting an eyewear and has black hair that is coming on his forehead. He is carrying a briefcase kind of bag in his right hand.
Here one can see two women. The woman in the front is pointing to something and the woman behind her is paying attention to her. So, the bespectacled woman in front is talking. She is wearing hot pink top and black jeans. She is carrying a casual backpack. She had some bounce in her hairs and are left open.
The man with Asian features is walking down the road with a bunch of friends. He can be seen in all-black trousseau. The boy flaunts short, dark black hairs and is donning a sling back across the shoulders. On the attire front, he is wearing a black V-neck casual shirt with a jacket and probably grey or dark blue jeans with brown boat shoes.
The cheerful lady above is decked up in a retro look of black and white. She is carrying something in her right hand but it is unrecognisable. Apart from the straight bangs and spectacles, she can be spotted with black-and-white converse shoes. There she is, wearing a white formal shirt and a jacket and black jeans.
The smiling woman is decked up in an orange or peach coloured jumper. Below, she is wearing a grey or blue jeans probably with ballerinas. On her right shoulder, one can spot a tote bag. The woman has neatly tied her hair up in a ponytail. Possibly, she is wearing red spectacles. She has put her left hand in the jeans' pocket.
The girl, as one can see in the image, is adjusting her bag on her left shoulder. The short-haired Asian girl is probably looking at someone. She is wearing red casual T-shirt and black-and-white check jacket along with black jeans and white sports shoes. Something embossed in yellow can be spotted on her red T-shirt.
One can see just the back of the person in question. He is walking in a group probably with his friends. The boy has short, neat, black hair. He is wearing a blue casual shirt along with light coloured jeans. Though it is unclear, but, he might be carrying a tote bag on his right shoulder. Towards his right, another person in yellow can be seen walking in his opposition direction.
The picture above clearly states that the young fellow belongs to an Asian country. The bespectacled boy is entering the premises. He is wearing a white casual shirt and black trousers or jeans. He is also seen carrying his backpack in the front. There is also a green coloured notebook or book in one of the bag's pockets. He has dark black hair.
The man is heavy built in the picture above. He is walking in the opposite direction of the camera. So, there's a possibility that he might be leaving the building. The boy is bulky and wearing a white formal shirt and a probably a dark shaded jumper over it. Beneath, he is wearing jeans. He is also carrying a bag on his shoulders.
The man in the image above is carrying a backpack on his shoulders. His casual bag is probably black in colour. He can be seen wearing a white full-sleeve casual T-shirt and black jeans. There something printed on the shirt which is unclear to the visual eye. The boy wears glasses and has really short hairs.
As one can see the girl in the picture is away from the camera. She is probably leaving the premises. The girl is slim and dressed in a smart black jacket and same toned jeans. In her left hand, she is carrying a tote bag with a blue wide band at its upper end and checks at the lower. She has tied her hair into a ponytail. Her footwear is shoes or sneakers.
Here comes a smart and neatly dressed, tall and young man who is formally dressed. Over the black shirt and trousers, he has worn a matching grey coat. One can see him carrying a black briefcase kind of bag in his right hand. He is wearing spectacles and has short black hair.
A dainty woman in the picture is seen walking in a red and white check formal shirt along with black trousers. To complement her look, she is carrying red casual bag. For the choice of footwear, she is wearing sneakers. Her hairs are short bob cut and she wears glasses. She is appearing to be of Asian descent.
The woman here, as one can see is wearing a maroon casual top along with grey cardigan and blue trousers or jeans. She is carrying the black bag on her right shoulder. If one go by her looks, she appears to hail from some Asian country. The girl here wears spectacles and has neatly tied her hair into a ponytail.
The man in the picture above has an athletic build and his hairs are very short and neatly trimmed. He wears spectacles. In this picture, one can see him with black jumper and shorts along with the same coloured bag. Underneath the jumper, he has worn a white T-shirt. For footwear, he is wearing white sports shoes. The wrist watch is set on his left hand.
One can see the back of the boy in this image. He is wearing the regular combination of white and blue. The white T-shirt, blue jeans and sneakers make his outfit. He is carrying a black backpack on his shoulders. To talk of his hairs, he has the long, voluminous and black hair and that of his hairstyle; he has surely a different one - the spiky one.
The youngster above is seen heading towards the building. He is holding a notebook or a book in his left hand and a black casual bag on his right shoulder. The boy in his 20s is bespectacled and wearing a casual probably teal grey T-shirt with matching dark shade shorts and black sports shoes. His hairs are fairly long.
In the picture above, one can spot an image of the girl who is leaving the building because we can see the back of hers. She is engrossed somewhere possibly in her cell phone. So far as her clothes are concerned, she is wearing a two-layered cloth. A white and blue top and a blue hood jacket over it. To complement it, she is seen wearing light shade jeans and probably white shoes.
The fat boy is probably exiting the building. He is seen relaxed with his hands possibly on the straps of his backpack. He is dressed in black with black jacket and shorts. His casual bag is although, grey in colour. The boy's hair has volume and is black in colour.
A slim youth in his 20s can be seen in the picture above. He is walking in the opposite direction of the camera. The boy is seen carrying his black coloured casual bag in the front. He is wearing a crocodile shade hood jacket and black jeans with converse shoes. The slight angle of the image shows that he dons eyewear.
The man in the picture above is dressed formally and can be seen carrying two bags in the same hand. One is the black messenger bag on his right shoulder and the other one is the purple bag in the same hand. He is wearing a light shade formal shirt along with black trousers and same coloured formal shoes. His hairs are short and trimmed.
The girl above is smiling as she is walking so there might be a possibility that she may be talking while walking in a group. The girl's hair is long, straight and open. She has worn a red spaghetti top with a blue denim jacket and teal grey trousers and flip-flops.
A young slim girl can be seen looking straight into the camera. She has straight bangs that reach to the shoulder. The girl is wearing a grey zipper jacket with an under top. She is casually sporting a dark blue short thigh-high skirt and a casual bag on the back. From her features, one can conclude that she may be of Asian origin.
The man in the picture is walking away from the camera. He might be exiting the building. One can see him wearing red and black check formal shirt along with black shorts and sneakers. On his back, he is carrying a backpack where something is written with white. The man's hairs are of medium length and black in colour.
The man in the centre viz. the target person is walking in the group and has people on either side. He is bespectacled and smiling and carrying something black in colour in his right hand. There is something printed on his sea blue T-shirt and he is donning a grey zipper jacket along with same coloured trousers. The boy is medium-built and can be seen walking in his white sports shoes. His hairs are dark and voluminous. He is even carrying a sling bag on his right shoulder.
This tall, slim young lad is probably in conversation with someone as one can see him smiling. He is holding a paper-like thing in his right hand and carrying a bag on the same side of the shoulder. So far his clothes are concerned, he is sporting a white casual striped T-shirt along with dark coloured jeans and black sports shoes. He wears spectacles and has short hair. His features speculate him to be of Asian descent.
The man in the picture is probably walking in a group and talking with his friends. He is wearing a striped parakeet shaded polo shirt that has fine vertical lines of green and white and black zipper jacket which is unzipped at the moment. At the lower end, he is wearing baggy jeans or trousers and white sports shoes. The man is bespectacled and is carrying a bag.
The young boy is entering the building as he is coming in the direction of the camera. He can be seen sporting a blue shirt and dark coloured taper jeans with a non-zipped white or grey jacket with stripes. The message on his T-shirt talks something about PEACE. He is wearing sneakers to complement his look. The hairs of this boy are short and he is seen wearing glasses.
This young man is entering the premises and is wearing a black casual T-shirt with dark shade trousers. He can be seen sporting an eyewear. His hairs are short and trimmed but have been set into the spike style. Although, it is unclear, but it can be said that he is carrying a bag. The features tell that he belongs to the Asian origin.
The side face of this young fellow can be spotted and with that, it may be said that he looks like somewhat Asian. The young man is carrying a black Nike bag on his right shoulder and can be seen sporting a white casual T-shirt with beige or other soft coloured trousers and white sports shoes.
The young lad in the picture above is clearly exiting the premises as his back is towards the camera. He is seen sporting a black casual bag and is wearing a check textured blue-white formal shirt with a dark shade probably navy blue jeans. Apart from that, he is walking in his sports shoes. The man has short dark black hair.
A petite, young lady is walking in the opposite direction of the camera. This girl has short black hair and she can be seen wearing a pine coloured hood jacket with dark shade jeans. She is of medium-built and can be spotted wearing sports shoes.
A young man with red and white colour combination sweater, jeans and shoes can be seen walking in the opposite direction of the camera. Probably he is exiting the building. His both hands are loaded with stuff. In his right hand, he can be seen carrying a bulky folder or laptop kind of thing while he is carrying a black messenger bag on his left shoulder.
The fellow above is walking in the opposite direction of the camera. It appears like that he is talking to someone on his cell phone. He is carrying a dual-shade backpack on his right shoulder. So far his attire is concerned, he is wearing a dark shade jumper with white collared shirt and dark coloured jeans or trousers along with a pair of black and white sneakers.
One can spot a slim-built young girl in the picture above wearing purple-grey combination casual shirt with matching thigh-high shorts. On her left shoulder, she can be seen carrying a black colour messenger bag while on the right, she is holding something like a paper. The girl in the picture has short bangs and is wearing glasses.
The youngster here can be seen wearing a cool green T-shirt with probably loose trousers. He is seen holding something in his hands, but it is unclear. He has worn a round dial wrist watch in his left hand and is seen carrying a messenger bag on the same shoulder. The young man can be spotted with eyewear. His features make him look like of Asian descent.
Here, a middle-aged man with eyewear and medium built can be spotted. He is wearing a formal attire. The blue full sleeves shirt and black trousers' combination is worn by the man with a complementing belt. In his right hand, he is seen holding something, probably a paper packet. The hairs of this man is short and trimmed.
The straight bangs girl is seen wearing black floral motif flip-flops and blue or grey shorts. Along with it, she can be seen adorning a mustard casual shirt and a denim jacket. She is holding her cell phone as well as the dark shade tote bag in her right hand.
This young fellow is carrying a briefcase like a black or brown leather bag in his right hand and is appearing to be talking to someone. He wears glasses and his hair is coming over to his forehead. This man is wearing a white shirt and a hood grey jacket with the zipper open. At the lower end, he is wearing dark-hued jeans or trousers.
A young man is watching the time in his wrist watch which he is wearing on his left hand. The watch is probably black in colour and the man wears spectacles. He is sporting a navy blue formal shirt and a pair of trousers or jeans along with shoes. He is also carrying a bag on his back.
A woman in this picture is all jazzed up with bright colours. She is wearing a black coloured top with a beige micro short. On the right side of her shoulders, she is carrying either a blood red or rusty orange shade tote bag. There is something like a pink bag as well. She is holding it on the same side as the bag. Apart from that, her hairs are short in length and she is sporting black and white sneakers with black socks.
This young lad is walking away and in the opposite direction of where the camera is placed. She is wearing an off-white or light blue denim micro short with a grey shrug. She can be seen carrying a tote bag in her left hand is walking in her boots. Her hairs are silky soft and the length is good.
The woman here is walking with her peers with a purple coloured bag dangling on to her right shoulder. She is wearing a black top with a pair of loose navy blue or black denim. At the bottom, she can be seen wearing probably white sandals. She has a U-cut, short black hair.
A woman dressed all in black is walking with her companions. She is wearing a black long top with a loose black bottom and same coloured sandals. She let her hair loose that come off to the shoulders. She is carrying a grey backpack and walking past a red-coloured poster.
This young lady is walking in a group as there is a faint image of someone behind her. The girl wears glasses and has dark black hairs. Here, she is wearing a white polka dot hood jacket with a purple coloured backpack. There is some stuff toy kind of thing hanging from her bag. Together, she has teamed it up with black jeans and light purple shade sneakers.
One can spot a young, medium-build boy holding either a book or notepad in his left hand. He is seen wearing a black shirt and white casual shorts. This man wears glasses. So far his footwear is concerned, it is unidentifiable. He is seeing away from the camera probably looking at his peers.
The image is of a boy possibly facing in the opposite direction of the camera. He might be leaving the premises. This boy is wearing a white shirt and grey jeans or trousers with a black hood jacket and sports shoes. On his left shoulder, he is seen carrying a black casual bag. He wears eyewear and has short hair.
A young boy can be seen walking with his head down somewhere. He is wearing a check shirt that has probably purple or blue and white checks with black trousers and white and black sneakers. The boy wears spectacles and is carrying a casual bag on his back. He has dark, short hair.
This man is wearing an orange shirt with beige or grey shaded trousers and white shoes. He is even carrying a sling bag and can be seen donning a wrist watch on the left hand. His body language portrays that he is talking to someone - the figure beside him.
A young person with a dark-coloured book or file is probably heading towards the building. He is carrying a sling bag because there is something identifiable near to his hip side. He might be wearing a dark blue or black hood sweater which has white stripes on the arms. The sweater is worn alongside with a pair of jeans and white shoes or sneakers.
The young woman is wearing white shorts and red shirt. Over it, she has teamed it up with a black coloured open jacket. She is carrying a tote bag that is also dark in colour as it is unrecognisable. In her left wrist, she is spotted wearing either a wristwatch or a fashion accessory like a bracelet. She has long black hairs.
A skinny lady with long black hair and a hooded maroon jacket is wearing black jeans and light colored shoes, either pink or grey with red stripes, and carrying a large black bag with a silver zip on her back, which is towards the camera.
A young man with short dark hair and a heart-shaped hairline is looking at the camera. He is wearing a bright green fold shirt,white three-quarter trousers and black or brown flip flops. He has two dark brown straps, one over each shoulder, possibly for the backpack.
A vague picture of a woman with short black hair tied in knots. She is wearing sunglasses and white shoes, a flowing dark grey top and black trousers. Her black and white jacket has a black collar. She is looking at the ground while walking towards the camera, and has her hands in her pockets.
A young girl with athletic build is touching her medium-length black ponytail with her left hand. She is wearing a short blue denim skirt, showing off her well shaped legs and a white t-shirt with a large blue and white striped beach bag over her left shoulder.
A young boy with very short black hair and glasses is holding something that looks like an egg carton in front of him. He is wearing a white t-shirt with black pictures in rows on the chest, and dark grey knee-length trousers with white ankle socks and black and white shoes, and is carrying a backpack with black straps over his shoulders.
A skinny man with white shoes and what looks like bell bottom jeans in grey, paired with a black t-shirt that has a white print on the chest is looking toward his left. He has a black backpack slung over his left shoulder and his black her is short at the back but covers his ears. It looks like he has a brown strap on his right wrist.
A picture of a man facing away from the camera. He is wearing dark shoes, either black or dark brown, a dark blue jean with a white belt and a light blue denim jacket with a faded grey print on the back. He has short, neat black hair and seems to be holding something in his right hand, possibly a cellphone.
A girl with long black hair flung over her shoulders is wearing a white t-shirt, black tights and red and white ankle boots. She is showing a red backpack, what looks like a black shopping bag over her left forearms and a bracelet on her left write, and it seems like she's looking at something in her right hand.
A picture of a short man walking towards the camera. He has messy black hair, a black wristwatch and black sneakers. His head is tilted to the right as he looks at the camera, and is wearing a pink or faded red t-shirt with a white tribal style picture on the chest and baggy black trousers.
A young man is holding a newspaper in his right hand. He is wearing black flip flops, dark grey or brown long shorts and a long-sleeved shirt of the same color with the sleeves pushed up to his elbows. His black cap is on his head backwards and he seems to be wearing a white beaded necklace.
A lady with long, curly black hair is walking away from the camera. She is wearing gladiator sandals with white soles, black tights under a short grey shirt and a tight black top with the long sleeves pushed up. She has a large red bag with a gold clasp over her right shoulder, hanging by a black strap.
A man with light brown or dark blonde hair appears to be looking down at his white shoes over yellow socks. He is wearing a white golf shirt and long beige trousers that has been rolled up to the calves. He is carrying a small white shopping bag in his right hand and appears to have a tattoo on his inner left forearm.
A very unclear picture of a slightly overweight lady, possibly middle-aged wearing a dark pink top with long sleeves and lacing over the shoulders, as well as grey trousers and either white or beige shoes. She has dark brown hair at shoulder length.
A woman all dressed in white is walking away from the camera, she has black hair cut in a short bob style with bangs, a three quarter sleeve shirt with open collar and buttons hanging loosely over long trousers and white running shoes with black soles.
A young girls seems to be reading a white paper, held in her right hand in front of her chest, she has long black hair falling over her right shoulder and a black bag strap over her left. She is wearing a gold wristwatch on her left arm and a loose hanging white top with three quarter sleeves, over bright blue tights and black socks with beige slip-on shoes.
A man with broad shoulders, probably young, is walking away from the camera with his left hand in his pocket and his right hand swinging by his side. He has short black hair, a white t-shirt and light brown, knee-length shorts with pockets on the sides and white and black running shoes.
A man with short, neat black hair is wearing office clothing, carrying a black bag over his right shoulder. His white button-up shirt is crisply ironed and tucked into long black trousers with a black belt. The outfit is rounded off with black leather shoes. His collar seems to indicate wearing a tie, but it's hard to say because his back is facing the camera.
A skinny young man is walking away from the camera. It looks like he is talking on the phone, holding something near his jaw with his left hand. He is wearing a short sleeved button-up shirt with a dark checkered pattern, probably black and brown, with black or navy blue trousers and white running shoes. His black hair is cut short at the back and worn spiky at the top.
A man holds his hands behind his back while he looks to his left. He has short black hair and glasses and is wearing black sneakers with white soles. His short-sleeved button-up shirt with light grey and black blocks motive is not tucked in and hands over black trousers.
A slim girl with her dark brown hair tied in a long ponytail looks to her right while walking away from the camera with her hands in her pockets. She is wearing a tight fitting top with long sleeves, dark grey trousers and very light shoes, either white or light grey, with a large light grey backpack with black zips on her back.
A young man of athletic build and spiky black hair has his left hand to his ear as if talking on the phone. He is carrying a black backpack and wearing a black sweater top and long white shorts with black sneakers with white lines on the soles.
A short male with longish black hair has a large black backpack with a blue and green pocket on his back faces away from the camera. He is wearing a bright green t-shirt and dark blue jeans, with black shoes sporting white soles. He has a black wristwatch or bracelet on his left arm.
A frame of a girl with a short schoolgirl pleated skirt in black with her back to the camera. She is wearing a light grey shirt with short sleeves and black strappy sandals. She is carrying a black bag in her right hand and her long black hair is hanging loosely over her back, reaching to below her shoulder blades.
A woman walking towards the camera is looking ready to exercise. She has black, shoulder length hair and is carrying something over her left forearm, which looks like a light grey jacket. She is wearing white running shoes, black tights under wide pink shorts and a loose fitting white shirt with short sleeves.
A lady with a low black ponytail is smiling at the camera. She is wearing black pumps, grey tights with a loose white shirt and a black cardigan with long sleeves. She seems to have a white or light grey bag in her right hand.
A picture of a young girl with long black hair. She is wearing a white t-shirt with a light grey picture on the chest, and black tights with red shoes that have white caps. She has black backpack straps on her shoulders and is holding her hands in front of her chest, with her head slightly tilted to the right.
A man is slightly bent forward as he walks away from the camera. He is wearing a light brown jacket with a black patch over the left shoulder and white stripes on the ribbing. He has something around his neck, which might be a light brown scarf or a puffy collar standing upright, he has black tracksuit trousers with white stripes down the sides and black running shoes with white soles.
A man with dark skin, possibly from African decent has his hair braided in what's called "corn rows", and has a black t-shirt with faded black trousers and black shoes on. In his right hand he is carrying a black book with a white logo in the corner.
A short man with broad shoulders and black hair cut short at the back and worn curly at the top has his left hand to his ear, possibly talking on the cellphone. He is wearing dark grey or black shoes, black trousers and a black long sleeved shirt with a mandarin collar showing a light brown or gold motive around the collar. He is carrying a black backpack.
A young man with short black hair has his back to the camera. He is wearing white running shoes, baggy trousers hanging on his calves which are either white or beige, and a maroon fishing jacket with white reflective stripes on the shoulders and a grey inner lining.
A blurred picture of a skinny man with longish dark brown hair. He is wearing a light blue or white shirt with an open collar and long sleeves, with faded jeans and a black belt. His shoes seem to be white with black soles and it looks like he's carrying something in his right hand, probably a wallet.
A blurred picture shows a woman with black and white sneakers walking towards the camera, she has shoulder length dark brown hair, black or navy blue trousers and a white t-shirt with a dark print on the chest under a light blue jacket that might be made of denim. She has her right hand held in front of her solar plexus.
A man with broad shoulders is walking away from the camera. He has short black hair, glasses and is wearing grey and white running shoes, along with grey or light brown trousers with a bootleg shape and a tight fitting black t-shirt. His hands are held in front of him at an angle that suggests he's carrying something.
A slightly chubby man with black shoes and socks is wearing a faded blue denim short that reaches his knees, paired with a bright blue t-shirt with one black shoulder and sleeve. He has black hair which is cut very short at the back. He is facing away from the camera.
A girl with a very tiny frame is walking away from the camera, carrying a black backpack. She is wearing white shoes, black or navy blue trousers and a light grey waterfall top with long sleeves. She has very dark hair, either black or dark brown that is hanging loosely over her shoulders and reaching past her shoulder blades.
A girl carrying a black bag over her right shoulder and a water bottle in her left is facing slightly to her right. She has dark brown hair, mostly covered by the hood of her tight-fitting black coat. She is wearing a short black skirt, black tights and black slip-on shoes.
An unclear picture showing a man of unknown age walking toward the camera while looking down. He is wearing a dark blue t-shirt with a white picture in front, beige or light brown shorts and white ankle-length socks with black shoes. He has black hair that is hanging in his eyes and his arms are swinging by his sides, with his hands clenched.
A girl with long black hair waving in the wind is clutching a green and yellow file under her right arm, and has a large black bag slung over her right shoulder. She is wearing a white top with a large frilly collar, with tight dark blue or black shorts and flip flops. It looks like she's holding a cellphone or keys in her left hand.
A picture of a young girl with long black hair and bangs walking toward the camera. She is wearing red and white sneakers, a short red skirt and a black t-shirt with silver writing on the chest. She has a wristwatch with a black strap on her left arm and is holding a paper in front of her with both hands.
A slightly overweight young man with spiky black hair and glasses is walking toward the camera while looking to his right. He is wearing a white t-shirt with dark sleeves, collar and writing on the front, probably maroon or navy blue. He is wearing very light long shorts, either white or beige and white sports shoes.
A tall, skinny youth with dark brown hair and a black cap is wearing black shoes with a dark blue, slightly faded jean, the legs rolled up slightly at the bottom, with a grey hooded top and a large black bag slung over his right shoulder.
A short woman with black hair, which she tied back in a skew ponytail with a blue band is wearing a black jacket over a long light top, either light grey or light blue, with black trousers and white tennis shoes. She has a black bag slung over her left shoulder and is walking away from the camera.
A picture taken of a running man from behind. He has short black hair and is wearing a white t-shirt with short sleeves and long black trousers, with white socks and what looks like black running shoes. He is of average build.
A young lady seems to be walking uncomfortably in white pumps with red or pink lacing around the edges. She is carrying two bags, one mustard yellow or camel on her back, and one black and white one on her left shoulder. She seems to be wearing a very short flowing dress of a soft white or pink material and long sleeves, and might be wearing tights underneath. Her black hair is hanging comfortably down her back.
A vague photo of a tall man with black hair. He is looking down at his feet and is wearing a white or light grey sweater top with black straps, presumably for a backpack, over his shoulders. He has tight black trousers on and black shoes with white soles.
A blurred picture of a slender girl holding on to a coat flung over her right shoulder. She is wearing a loose-fitting, light blue button-up shirt with long sleeves that have been rolled up, and beige trousers with white shoes. Her shoulder length black hair a hanging free.
A smiling young boy, possibly Asian, with short black hair and round wire-rimmed glasses has black backpack straps over his shoulders, and is wearing a blue t-shirt which has an asymmetric white bloc pattern on the top left corner and brown baggy shorts with white shoes and socks.
A skinny man with very short, dark hair looks as if he's sneezing into a tissue held in his left hand, a black bag hanging from his left arm and white shoes showing off against long trousers with side pockets, either dark blue or brown, with a black t-shirt showing a white face print.
A very blurred picture of a short, stocky lady with dark brown hair tied back and a fringe coming down to her eyes. She is wearing a white button-up shirt with three quarter sleeves and dark trousers in either navy blue or black, with white slip-on shoes. She is holding something in her left hand, it might be a water bottle, and has a bag which might be on wheels hanging from her right hand.
A picture of a girl with long black hair shown from behind, wearing grey running shoes, black tights and a tunic with light and dark grey horizontal striping and what seems like a pink shade over the shoulders. She is wearing a bulky, light grey bag over her left shoulder.
A man with white shoes and beige cargo pants is wearing a black t-shirt with a black backpack slung over his left shoulder and his right hand out as if dragging something with him. He has black her, short at the bottom and left longer at the top and is wearing wire rimmed glasses.
A man with his black hair combed to the right is wearing glasses and a light colored button-up shirt, either beige or light grey, with short sleeves and a wristwatch on his right arm. He is carrying a large roll of white paper in his right hand, angled against what seems to be a flag held in his left hand with a piece of the fabric hanging out of the bundle. He has epaulets on his shoulders, dark grey or brown trousers and white running shoes.
A picture of a slim woman smiling at the camera while talking on her phone. She has flowing black hair, a long-sleeved green button-up shirt and dark trousers. Her left hand is in her trouser pocket, while her right hand is holding the cellphone and displaying the gold wristwatch on her right arm. Her fine features are complimented by large dark-rimmed glasses.
A frame of a man with broad shoulders with his back to the camera. His short hair is as black as the straps of his black and grey backpack, which is partially hiding his light grey trousers and bright yellow short-sleeved t-shirt. He has a black wristwatch on his left arm.
An obese man is walking away from the camera, wearing a black t-shirt and grey trousers with white and grey running shoes. He has black hair, which might be long and tied back in his neck or short and showing a slight curl in his neck.
A picture of the back of a woman with long black hair, looking slightly to her right and wearing glasses. She is wearing white and black pumps with black tights and a flowing pink top with white lacing at the bottom. She is carrying a black bag suspended from her right shoulder.
A girl with long dark brown hair tied back in her neck is walking away from the camera, carrying an over sized black leather bag hanging from her right shoulder and wearing a black jacket with a short, flaring red skirt and knee-length black boots. Her left hand is lifted up next to her face as is she is talking on the phone.
A serious looking man with thin-rimmed glasses is walking towards the camera, wearing a maroon shirt with horizontal beige or white stripes. It has an open collar, long sleeves and is tucked in. He is wearing a black belt, light blue trousers and white and grey running shoes with what looks like a black laptop bag in his left hand.
A man with black and white running shoes with white laces is stooped as he walks slightly uphill. He is wearing knee-length denim shorts and a white t-shirt with large black writing, showing 82/12 on the chest. His backpack straps are black and showing over both shoulders. His hair is black and very shortly cut.
A picture of a skinny young boy with black hair, looking bent under the weight of his black backpack. He is wearing a dark blue or purple t-shirt with short sleeves, tight fitting black trousers and white shoes, and is walking in the direction of the camera.
A confused looking lady is carrying a piece of white paper in her right hand, a black bag hanging from her right shoulder and wearing a light blue t-shirt with either dark brown or black baggy shorts, white socks and black slip-on shoes. Her black hair is tied back and she seems to have a purple lanyard or necklace on.
An athletic looking man with a light pink and grey t-shirt and faded blue jeans with white shoes is walking toward the camera. He has short, very dark hair, which might be either auburn or black and is holding something in his right hand. He has black backpack straps across his shoulders.
A young girl with long black hair hanging loosely over her shoulders is wearing glasses and carrying what seems to be a bottle green raincoat over her right forearm. She is wearing a tight light grey top with long sleeves, and a short black skirt with bare legs and white and black sneakers.
A blurred picture of a dark tanned girl with short black hair wearing a white collared shirt with a black blouse and boot leg pants. a medium height hills that brace the ankles and support the heels. she also has brown leather bag on the left shoulder and in the right hand she is carrying a folder.
A young man with dark brown hair hanging down the side of his face is looking to his right. He is wearing a white t-shirt with a yellow, red and purple print and black or navy blue trousers with white and black running shoes. He is carrying a black backpack and is walking towards the camera.
A short, stubby lady with black hair combed away from her face is dressed in a black three quarter sleeve shirt and a long black shirt, matched with pointy black ankle-length boots. She has a black bag hanging from the right arm and is carrying a white paper in her right hand. She has a black and white scarf hanging around her neck and is wearing glasses.
A young lady with shoulder-length black hair is carrying a teal colored backpack on her back, with a black shopping bag in her right hand. She is wearing a white short-sleeved t-shirt and skintight black trousers with white running shoes that has black markings and black soles.
A slim young man with bushy black hair and large sunglasses is walking towards the camera. He is wearing a white t-shirt with grey markings on the front, with a light grey sweater top with pushed up sleeves over. He is wearing black trousers and black shoes, and has a wristwatch on his left arm.
A picture of a man with a light grey backpack walking away from the camera. He is wearing a dark grey button-up shirt with rolled up sleeves and medium shade grey trousers, as well as light grey shoes which looks very soft and comfortable. He has short black hair and is looking slightly to his right.
A thin young man with short black hair is carrying a large black backpack on his shoulders. His hands are held in front of him and he's wearing a grey hooded top with beige or light grey trousers and grey and white shoes paired with white socks.
A boy with strong looking legs wearing black flip flops and black, white and light brown African motive shorts is looking at his phone while he walks towards the camera. He has a black long sleeved top with a silver zipper and his backpack straps are black as well. His unkempt black hair is medium length for a male haircut.
A skinny young lady with dark brown hair combed to the right of her face is wearing a black top with the sleeves pushed up to her elbows, with tight-fitting faded blue jeans and white shoes with black soles and black socks. She is looking at something in her left hand that might be a cellphone.
A girl with long, sleek black hair is smiling at the camera. She is wearing a white short sleeved t-shirt, short black skirt and black tights with light grey or silver shoes. She has a red bag with a black string hanging from her right shoulder and is carrying what looks like a black and white top in her left hand.
A picture of a short man with white slip-on shoes and black shorts is wearing a black hooded top with long sleeves. He has a black bag on his back, which has silver zips and white writing. His right hand is in his jacket pocket and the left is hanging gently by his side.
A girl with pink slippers and black tights is walking away from the camera wearing a short black skirt and maroon or dark purple long-sleeved top. She has a white and light grey backpack and her long dark brown wavy hair is tied back in a low pony tail.
A girl with a long black ponytail is walking away from the camera. She is wearing a white hooded top with long sleeves, red tights and white and black sneakers. She has a white and light grey backpack with black zips on her back.
A large man with broad shoulders is looking at something in his left hand which is held in front of him. He is wearing a puffy light grey jacket with a thin black stripe over the back he has a black file bag slung across his left shoulder, hanging on his back, with a white t-shirt sticking out underneath and black shorts with white stripes. His shoes are red slip-on's.
A vague picture of a man pointing at something to the right of him. He has short black hair with long sideburns and is carrying a black backpack. He's wearing a white t-shirt with a light grey or light blue jacket and dark blue jeans with white shoes.
A young man with a black backpack is walking toward the camera. He is wearing a light grey button-up shirt with short sleeves and light blue bootleg jeans with black shoes and white soles. She has something around his neck that might be headphones.
A blurry picture of a tall thin man with large glasses and black backpack straps over his shoulders. He is wearing a bright green t-shirt with a large black print on the chest, paired with black or navy blue jeans and white shoes.
A serious looking middle-aged woman with long black hair is walking toward the camera, she is carrying a turquoise umbrella in front of her, and has white and black shoes on with black trousers and a brown short sleeved shirt with a black pullover jacket. She has a wristwatch on her left arm.
A young girl with a short Chinese bob haircut and black and red hair is looking to her left. She has a black t-shirt with a white picture on the front, black trousers and black and white sneakers on. She is carrying a black and see-through shopping bag in her right hand.
A picture of a tall boy seemingly dancing down the street. He has short black hair and is laughing, on one arm he has a dark brown bag, and he's wearing a maroon t-shirt with a blue eagle on the front, with black trousers and brown shoes looking like it might be leather.
An athletic looking man with black hair combed to the right, is looking seriously at the camera. He is wearing flip-flops, long black shorts and a tennis ball green t-shirt with a baby blue jacket with black zips and a black collar. he has black backpack straps over his shoulders.
A picture of a girl with black hair tied back from her face, wearing glasses and flip flops. She has black skinny jeans on with a red t-shirt showing a white picture in front and a white long sleeved jacket with a dark green collar.She is holding hands with the person on her right as the walk towards the camera.
A tall skinny girl with long black hair hanging loosely over her back is wearing a very loose fitting light grey t-shirt and skin tight dark blue jeans, with white platform shoes. She has a red bag slung over her shoulder, it's hanging behind her and has white straps.
A picture of a girl with a long black ponytail and a black cap is looking at something in her hands held in front of her. She is wearing tight light brown or light grey trousers with black and white sneakers and a dark top, possibly dark brown or grey. She has a bluish backpack on her back.
A slim girl is walking away from the camera. She has long black hair tied back in her neck and is carrying a blue backpack. She is wearing a grey and white checkered button-down shirt with long sleeves and tight fitting black trousers with black combat boots.
A man with bulky black ankle-length boots and baggy light blue jeans is looking at his feet while his hands are on his hips. He has a black t-shirt with a white, framed picture on the chest and short, spiky wet-look style hair, either black or very dark brown.
This frame shows a girl with thick shoulder-length black hair and a white hooded jacket with what looks like a black picture of poodles on the back, is facing away from the camera. She has a black bag over her right shoulder, seems to be holding something in front of her with both hands and is wearing a short tight black skirt and black tights and silver pumps.
A girl with dark brown wavy hair hanging down over her back. She is walking away from the camera with a beige backpack with black straps on her back. She has a bracelet on her left wrist, light grey shoes and tight fitting dark blue jeans. Her white top has three quarter sleeves.
A man with his pack to the camera has very short black hair, a thick black long-sleeved jacket and dark brown or dark grey trousers with pockets on the sides. He has white shoes on and is looking down. On his back is a large grey backpack with a white logo.
Here a man with short black hair, looking at his right and wearing glasses is shown with his back to the camera. He is wearing a black hooded jacket with bright orange lining in the cape and baggy black trousers paired with black short that have grey soles. He has a backpack on his back, which is black and has silver zips and a tiny silver logo.
A vague and blurry picture of a thin, smiling young boy wearing a shirt with a white collar underneath a dark grey or brown jacket, with dark blue bootleg jeans and white and black running shoes. He has a bag hanging over his right shoulder and it looks maroon or red, and he seems to have a black beanie on his head.
A girl wearing flip flops is walking towards the camera. She is wearing a short black skirt. She has something dark folded over her left arm and a thick black jacket on. She seems to be looking at the camera, her shoulder length black her brushed back from her face and she might have glasses on.
A girl with her back to the camera has medium length black hair tied back from her face. She is wearing a shirt with a white collar under a black cardigan with something white, probably a tissue, sticking out of the left pocket, as well as black trousers and white shoes. She has a black and grey bag hanging from her right shoulder and her hands are in front of her, possibly holding a cellphone.
A man with shoulder length hair and a gold wristwatch on his left arm is looking to his right as he walks away from the camera. He is wearing a white, short-sleeved button-up shirt and three quarter length beige or khaki trousers, with short white socks and brown shoes. On his back is a light grey or light brown bag with silver zips and dark buckles.
A picture of a person with spiky black hair carrying a black backpack. The person is wearing a thick black jacket with white writing up the sleeve, and dark grey or blue bootleg trousers and white shoes with black soles. The person's hands are hanging loosely and the gait seems comfortable.
A woman holding on to the straps of her dark grey and black backpack is walking away from the camera. She has dark brown hair cut short and blonde highlights. She is wearing a white t-shirt, long black trousers and white or grey running shoes with dark soles. The woman is looking slightly to her right to take in the view.
A picture of a skinny young boy seemingly holding his backpack strap with his left hand, and reaching out to something with his right hand. He is looking in the direction where his hand is pointing at and his hair is short, lack and spiky. He is wearing a black t-shirt with a white logo on the front, with black trousers and black socks, and very light, either white or grey shoes.
In this vague frame we see a young man wearing a royal blue t-shirt with black backpack straps over his shoulders and something that looks like a phone in his left hand. It shows that he is wearing darn trousers, either black or dark brown, maybe dark denim, with black and white running shoes. He is looking at something to his right at he progresses to the camera.
A woman with short black hair is dressed all in black, except for white and grey running shoes. A biker's jacket and black trousers match the black helmet presumably held in her left hand, and in her right she is holding sunglasses with a white or silver frame. She is looking to her right as she walks away from the camera.
A skinny man with very short black hair shows his back to the camera. He is wearing a white t-shirt and black trousers with black shoes that have white lines around the soles. In his left hand he is carrying a white top and on his right shoulder a large black and grey patterned bag is hanging.
A picture of a young man with very spiky black hair and black-rimmed glasses looking leftward as he walks away from the camera. He is wearing a black hooded top and either dark brown or dark grey knee-length shorts with red shoes showing a white Nike sign and white soles.
none
A woman of medium build, in her middle ages, with dark long hair, possibly having glasses on her face, is wearing a brown and white top with a white jacket on it and a black harem pant and a pair of beige flip-flops. She might be holding a green color bag in her right hand and is waving her left hand to the adjacent person in the image.
A woman with short hair and a thin build is wearing a white top with a black jacket over it and blue jeans. She is wearing a black handbag on her right shoulder and holding it with her right hand.
A thin woman with dark long hair is wearing a full sleeved black top and blue jeans. She is holding a bag with white and gray stripes in her left hand and probably wearing a white strap watch on her left hand. She might be wearing brown color sandals.
A tall, thin boy with short hair is wearing probably a blue t-shirt with a dark jacket over it and black color shorts. He is carrying a black colored pack on his back and black color covered toe sandals on his legs. He might be holding a book in his hands.
A thin woman with dark long hair is wearing an orange top and blue jeans. She is also wearing red-colored canvas shoes. She probably wearing pearl earrings as they are been seen in the image and might be holding something in her left hand. She is probably Asian.
A tall girl with a medium build, dark hair in a pony-tail is wearing a brown top with full sleeve black jacket, black skirt with white stripes and a black bottom. She is wearing black leather shoes and is carrying a big black leather handbag on her left shoulder and probably holding a bag in her front.
A young man with a bright purple t-shirt showing a white pentagonal print, wearing knee-length, baggy black trousers and black flip flops is carrying a large black bag under his right arm, he seems to be holding a cellphone in his left hand, has light brown hair hanging forward almost to his brow is looking towards his left as he approaches the camera.
A tall man, possibly elderly, with grey hair and a large black backpack is walking to the left of the camera. He is wearing black shoes, long black trousers and a crisp white shirt with formal collar and long sleeves. his hands seem to be folded in front of him.
A picture of a man with short black hair walking down a ramp while seemingly looking at something held in front of him with both hands. He is wearing flip flops, a rolled up, three quarter length blue jean and a long-sleeved grey shirt, whilst carrying a black backpack with straps over both shoulders.
A slim lady wearing grey shoes and trousers with a short sleeved black top looks like she's rushing towards the camera. She has a light brown bag on her right arm, her left arm holding a stack of white papers and a light blue denim jacket to her torso and her black hair hanging nonchalantly around her shoulders.
A young man with short black hair is holding a book in his right hand and looking down as he walks. He is wearing grey slip-on shoes with white soles, light grey trousers and a white t-shirt with thin, horizontal black lines, showing a black polo insignia on the right side of the chest. He has a wristwatch on his left arm and black backpack straps over both his shoulders.
A tall, skinny man wearing a purple cap is walking towards the camera. He is wearing a light pink shirt with long sleeves flapping open over a white t-shirt and dark tight fitting dark grey or faded black trousers and black shoes with white soles. He is carrying a black laptop bag in his left hand, and what seems to be a black file or clipboard in his right.
A lady with a large red bag and matching shirt is wearing a black cardigan, hiding most of the shirt except for the bottom part, tight dark blue jeans and silver or grey slip-on shoes seems to be in a rush to get somewhere on the opposite direction of the camera. She has a gold watch or bracelet on her left arm and her black hair is cascading down her back in waves.
A skinny boy with spiky black hair is walking away form the camera. He is dressed all in black, with a loose fitting, short-sleeved t-shirt and straight legged trousers, with grey shoes, showing white rimmed grey soles. He seems to be wearing a wristwatch or bracelet on his left arm.
A picture of a skinny girl wearing black shoes with black soles which have white rims around, skin-tight jeans in a faded blue and a nearly see-through white blouse hanging loosely over her hips. She has a white bag with black lines and straps over her right shoulder, and her straight black hair is hanging halfway down her back.
An athletically built man, possibly young judged by the spiky black hairstyle, is carrying a black backpack with light grey and silver tags and zips. He has a black short sleeved, button-up shirt with small white logos on the sleeves, light blue jeans and white running shoes with the black Nike trademark on them.
A lady with a short, formal black hairstyle is walking up a ramp, dragging a large black bag that might have wheels on with her right hand, while her left hand is securing a pink and maroon handbag to her left shoulder. She is wearing a dark green or turquoise blouse with long sleeves, which might be made of satin, and light blue bootleg jeans over black and white striped shoes.
A young girl with very long black hair flowing down her back is wearing a bright pink t-shirt, tight black trousers and white running shoes with black socks. The backpack strapped to her shoulders is black, maroon and beige, with white tags on the zippers. She seems to be holding something in her right hand, which might be a soda can.
Shown is a lady with light brown slip-on shoes, trousers in a dark blue or black and a white, lacy top with a wide open neck is carrying what looks like shopping bags of various colors including silver in her right hand. She has very dark brown hair which has been cut into a very neat shortish bob style.
A man, possibly young, with short black hair and a wristwatch with a black strap on his left arm is looking at something slightly to his right. He is carrying a black backpack and is wearing a white t-shirt, black trousers and black shoes with white soles.
A frame of a woman with a black headscarf covering her hair, a black bag on her back and black and white sneakers walking away from the camera. She is wearing a bright blue and white horizontally striped top with bright blue edging on the three quarter sleeves and around the bottom seam, along with skintight blue jeans. Her right hand is in front of her and the left is by her side.
A short woman with tight black trousers black shoes and a loose-fitting white top with the long sleeves pushed up has her back to the camera. She has a pink bag with white straps over her left shoulder, and is carrying something that could be water or soda in her right hand. She has loose black hair hanging over her shoulders.
A blurry picture of a young girl with long dark brown hair looking straight at the camera. She is wearing a purple top with long grey sleeves and a white picture of what looks like a bunny on the chest, tight light blue jeans and what looks like maroon or wine red gloves.
The picture shows a slender man with dark brown hair that hangs forward, close to his eyes, walking with his hands in his pockets. He is wearing light grey sweater top with white string attached to the hoody, with long beige trousers, white socks and black and white sneakers with white laces.
A picture of a skinny young man with a large wrist watch on his left arm. He seems to be looking at something held in front of him in his right hand, possibly a cellphone, and has short, nearly shaved, black hair. He is wearing a dark blue or purple t-shirt and black trousers with black shoes, and has a black back strapped to his back.
A man walks away from the camera, touching his short dark hair with his left hand. He is wearing white shoes with black soles, long beige trousers and a white button-up shirt with open collar and the sleeves rolled up to the elbows. His right hand is dangling by his side and his stride seems relaxed.
A woman with shoulder length black hair waving loosely in the wind has her back to the camera. She has a soft pink bag dangling from her left shoulder, a teal or green short sleeved shirt with long white sleeves sticking out underneath is and three quarter length black trousers with black pumps.
A slender Asian woman with her long black hair pulled back in a ponytail and a light colored hairband on her forehead seems to be looking at something to her right as she approaches. She is wearing a long sleeved white top with a large black and grey picture on the front, tight-fitting blue jeans and slip-on sandals of a light color, possibly pink or beige. On both shoulders are visible the black straps of a backpack.
A man with dark brown hair combed backwards and wire rimmed glasses on is looking at the camera. He is wearing a black button-up shirt, a grey parka with fur lining over it, paired with white or beige trousers and white and red sneakers. His right hand is in his trouser pocket and he has a serious expression on his face.
A slightly built young woman with long dark brown hair is walking towards the camera, wearing a brown or purple t-shirt with short sleeves, blue denim trousers and black shoes with white soles. She has a large, warm brown bag hanging from a sling over her left shoulder and her right arm is extended as if dragging something behind her.
A picture of a man with short black hair with his back to the camera. We see a large black backpack with two small light grey or silver logos on, dark green shirt with long sleeves, dark blue jeans and white and black running shoes with black soles. His arms are hanging comfortably by his sides as he walks away from the camera.
A woman with shoulder length black hair, a black jacket with a white or light grey t-shirt sticking out underneath and tight-fitting black trousers with white and black shoes is walking away from the camera, carrying a black and grey, horizontally striped bag over her right shoulder and something black, possibly a shopping packet in her left hand.
A very blurred picture of a person with long, loose black hair looking to the right of the camera, at something past a metal frame. The person is dressed in black and their top has long sleeves, possibly with a headscarf on.
A young Asian man is running towards something slightly to the right of the camera. He has dark brown or green backpack straps over his shoulders and a grey and black carry-on bag and light grey top in his right hand with a red bracelet on his left arm. He is wearing a white t-shirt with a yellow and red picture on the front, black trousers and black and white shoes. His short black hair seems to be flapping in the wind as he runs.
A broad-shouldered man with black hair that is short at the back and ear-length at the top is standing with his back to the camera, looking to his right. His hands are in front of his chest and his long-sleeved black shirt seems to have a mandarin collar.
A man with an athletic build and black and white running shoes is displaying well shaped legs under his shorts, which are knee-length and either dark grey or navy blue and paired with a tight fitting black t-shirt. He has a light grey backpack with what looks like a Mitsubishi logo in darker grey on it, strapped to his shoulders. His black hair is cut very short.
A smiling man with a blue cap on backwards and red sunglasses balanced on top is looking slightly to the right as he walks up an incline. He is wearing a light grey or light green shirt with long sleeves and a green golf collar, as well as dark brown cargo pants and black or dark brown combat boots. On his shoulders are black straps as is for a backpack.
A man wearing a brown long sleeve track suit top and light grey or very light blue trousers with white and black shoes is looking back over his right shoulder while approaching. He has a white bag sling showing diagonally from his left shoulder across his chest, and is wearing glasses.
A lady with long black hair hanging loosely down her back is wearing white running shoes, dark grey or faded black tights and a beige jacket. On her left shoulder is hanging a bag which might be light brown or copper in color.
A young female wearing a black t-shirt with a white print in front and a brown tog bag.Her light blue jeans are loose fit around the legs but tight around the waist, with white running shoes. Her black hair is loose and hanging sleekly over her shoulders and she is carrying something white, possibly a file in her right hand.
A picture of a man with short black hair walking away from the camera. He is slim, with broad shoulders and is wearing a light grey t-shirt and dark blue jeans with fashion fading, with black and grey shoes. His arms are extended, one to the front and one to the back as if he's swinging it wildly.
A young man wearing flip flops with black straps and black trousers as well as a blue t-shirt with white writing on the bottom left at the back seems to be looking at something slightly left of the direction he's walking in. He seems to be holding blue folders in his left hand and his hair is dark brown and short at the back, but hanging just above his ears from the top.
This picture shows a man with black tousled hair and black-framed glasses walking up a slope. He is wearing a dark blue t-shirt with white writing on the chest and a black bag strap diagonally across his chest from his right shoulder. He has black shoes and trousers on and is wearing a black wristwatch on his left arm.
A vague picture showing a man with slightly long hair walking away from the camera. He is wearing a tight-fitting black shirt with three-quarter sleeves, black trousers and black shoes with white sole rims, and has something black slung over his right shoulder and hanging down to his knee.
A lady with long dark brown hair hanging loose is wearing a black jacket, showing a white shirt sticking out underneath it, a short black skirt and black stockings with black and white sneakers. From her right shoulder a large pink bag possibly made of leather is hanging down to her hip.
A skinny young boy with a black backpack seems to be rushing towards something down a slope. He is wearing a light brown or light grey t-shirt and trousers in the exact same color, with white shoes showing the black Nike trademark with black soles. He has short, neat black hair and has his back to the camera.
A tall man with a black backpack is looking to his right. He has short black hair and what looks like a short beard. He is wearing a light blue button-up shirt with short sleeves ending in a white fold-over and a white collar, with dark grey or black trousers and white shoes with black soles.
This picture shoes a short, broad-shouldered man with tidy black hair walking away from the camera, thus showing the large black backpack hanging from both his shoulders and is wearing a black button-up shirt with rolled up sleeves and black trousers. His shoes are light, possibly grey. He appears to have a tattoo on his left forearm and his right hand is held in front of his chest.
A slightly overweight man with black and white short and knee-length shorts of a dark grey of faded black is wearing a black top with the long sleeves pushed up and a white t-shirt sticking out underneath. He is carrying a black laptop bag in his right hand and has a wristwatch or black bracelet on his left arm.
An elderly man, possibly Asian, with thinning grey hair cut short is walking towards the camera while looking at the ground. He is wearing a dark grey or dark green button-up white with long sleeves, as well as light grey trousers with a black belt and black shoes.
A boy with black or dark red hair worn wet-look style and short is walking up a slope wearing white shoes with a black Nike symbol on, black shorts with a zebra print fold-over at the bottom and a white short-sleeved t-shirt. He has a large black backpacked hooked over both shoulders.
A short, slim young man with white shoes and dark bootleg trousers, either dark blue or black, and a red hooded top with black lining in the hood and the sleeves pushed up over his elbows. He has a black and grey bag hanging from his right shoulder and has short black hair.
A man with both hands in his trouser pockets are walking towards the camera. He has black hair and is wearing a black t-shirt with dark grey shorts that has extra pockets on the side and white and black running shoes. He is stooping slightly against the incline he is walking up and over both shoulders are visible straps possibly belonging to a backpack.
A picture of a woman with short black hair and a black long-sleeved cardigan with a white shirt sticking out underneath, wearing a long, light grey skirt. She is holding a large black bag in her right hand and her left is swinging by her side.
A tall man with short black hair seems about to board a ship, as he's walking up a ramp. He is wearing black shoes and trousers, and a hooded top with long sleeves and a white and grey checkered pattern. He has a black and grey bag hanging from his right shoulder, while steadying it with his right hand, and something that looks like a piece of black clothing slung over his left arm.
A skinny young man with his black hair hanging over his ears is walking away from the camera with a black backpack hanging from both shoulders. He is wearing a light grey hooded top with long sleeves and long, tight-fitting beige or white trousers with white and dark brown or red sneakers.
A young woman walking with a red over-sized bag on her right shoulder, wearing her long black hair loose. Her jacket is black and long sleeved with tight fitting black trousers, and black shoes showing white rims around the soles. She is holding something in her left hand that could possibly be a pamphlet, and looks like she's reaching toward something in front of her with her right.
A woman with medium length dark brown hair is walking away from the camera. She is wearing a three quarter sleeve jacket which is flapping open at the front and a flowing skirt in a light grey or blue pattern of very light material, black stockings and black and white platform shoes. She has a wristwatch on her let arm and a large brown or black bag over her right shoulder.
Picture of a young girl with long, dark brown hair looking at the phone in her left hand as she approaches. She is wearing a white t-shirt showing a red print on the chest and baggy light grey trousers with white and black running shoes.
A tall and pretty girl, with long and dark hair, appears to be walking while holding a guy's hand. She wears a black coloured tee with white designs on it with a pair of black or grey coloured leggings. She wears a black jacket and a pair of red high heeled shoes. She appears to be smiling.
A medium height and medium built young man with short black hair. He wears a large white t-shirt with black collar and cuff lines and light blue jeans along with black shoes. He might be carrying a large bag on his right and seems to be holding a white object, probably a tablet or a mobile phone with both hands.
A young woman with long, straight, black hair and pale skin. She wears a long grey top with a maroon cardigan on top, light grey skinny fit pants and brown flat shoes. She carries a black back pack and wears a black bracelet or watch on her left wrist.
A medium built and medium height man with pale skin and dark colored hair. He wears a maroon colored t-shirt with dark grey pants and black shoes and he wears a black watch on his left wrist. He might be wearing glasses.
A very short young man with his back turned against the camera. He wears a white short sleeved shirt or t-shirt, light beige knee high shorts and white shoes. He carries a black bag in his right arm. He has straight, black and short hair.
The left profile of a short and medium built young man with a light blue classic shirt with its sleeves rolled up along with white shorts and dark brown colored sandals. The young man carries a black bag on his left side.
A young man with pale skin and short dark hair. He wears dark colored glasses, a red t-shirt with white print on the chest area and beige pants. He carries a black and white back pack and a watch on his left wrist.
A medium height and slim young woman with straight, black and medium length hair gathered into a ponytail. She wears a black t-shirt, black pants and white sneakers. She carries a large, light blue back pack and pushes a red bicycle with both hands. She has her right side facing the camera.
A slim and medium height young man with short black hair. He wears a light pink and long sleeved shirt, black pants and black and white nike shoes. He carries a black long strapped bag on his left arm and wears black framed glasses and a watch on his right arm. He carries a small white and dark green colored shopping bag in his left hand.
A thin and short young woman with straight, short black hair gathered into a ponytail. She wears a bright orange polo-neck t-shirt with super mini light blue jeans and black and white sport shoes. The young woman has her right side facing the camera.
The right profile of a short and slim girl with dark and shoulder length hair with a fringe hair cut. She wears a black and white t-shirt with light blue jeans and white sport shoes. She carries a black shoulder bag on her right side and holds a mobile phone in her right hand.
The left profile of an Asian teenage boy with short and straight black hair. He wears black framed glasses, a black polo-neck t-shirt, blue jeans and blue and white sport shoes. The teenager holds a black mobile phone in his right hand.
A medium height and medium built middle aged man wearing a white polo-neck shirt with black collars along with light grey baggy pants and black shoes. He holds a small black object in his left hand.
A young woman with dark colored, straight long hair gathered into a low ponytail. She wears a light beige and white horizontal striped t-shirt with white pants and light blue sport shoes. She carries a white beach bag on her left and holds a mobile phone in her left hand. She has her back turned against the camera.
A young man with short black hair. He wears a white polo-neck t-shirt, black sweat pants with white stripes on each side, grey and white sport shoes. He carries a black bag on his right shoulder and has his left side facing the camera.
A middle aged and medium built, short man with short black and grey hair. He wears a long sleeved white polo neck top with green collars and rolled up sleeves along with light grey fabric pants and dark colored shoes.
A skinny and athletic young man with pale skin, slightly long, wavy, brown hair and a beard. He wears a dark grey t-shirt with white print on the front, black and grey knee high tight shorts, black socks, grey and white sport shoes.
A medium built and short middle aged woman with short black hair. She wears a grey t-shirt with black and white print on the front, ice blue jeans , bright blue and white sport shoes. She wears a large beach bag on her right shoulder and seems to be wearing a silver colored bracelet on her left wrist.
The right profile of a teenage boy with short black hair, pale skin and black framed glasses. He wears a bright red t-shirt, light grey pants and black shoes. He wears a black long strapped bag cross body.
A medium built and medium height young man with slightly long, straight black hair, wearing a grey t-shirt with a British flag on the front, dark blue jeans and black and white sport shoes. He wears a black watch on his left wrist and he carries a dark colored jacket with his right hand.
A medium built young man with short black hair. He wears black framed glasses, a black t-shirt with white print on the front, knee high light beige cargo shorts and white high neck sport shoes with dark green shoelaces. He wears a black watch on his left wrist.
The left profile of a middle aged, medium built and short man with grey and black slightly long hair. He wears a white t-shirt, light beige fabric pants and dark colored shoes. He holds a black and white bag in his left hand.
The left profile of a short and slim young woman with straight black hair. She wears a light beige cardigan, a light red knee high skirt and light colored shoes. She carries a large black bag on her right arm. The resolution of the photo is very low.
A young slim man with medium height and short black hair. He wears a light red t-shirt, light grey baggy pants and white shoes. He carries a long strapped black bag cross body and seems to be wearing black framed glasses. The young man has his back facing the camera.
A short and medium built young man with straight, black and short hair. He wears a black and white horizontal striped t-shirt, black pants and black and white sport shoes. He carries a grey and black long strapped bag crossed body and has his back turned against the camera.
A medium height and medium built young man with short black hair and sideburns. He wears a formal, long sleeved white shirt on top of light grey fabric pants and black leather classic shoes. He holds a black object, probably a notebook in his left hand. He has his back turned against the camera.
A medium built and short middle aged Asian woman with curly, dark brown and medium length hair. She wears brown framed glasses, a light grey or white short sleeved shirt with navy collars, darker grey baggy pants and black and white sport shoes. She carries a light colored pinkish bag on her right arm and wears a silver watch on her left wrist.
A medium built and medium height Asian young man with black hair. He wears a dark grey polo t-shirt with black cuffs and collars along with light grey knee high sport shorts and white and red flip flops. He wears a black watch on his left wrist and his left side is turned to the camera.
A slim and long young woman with pale skin, straight and dark colored hair tied into a low ponytail. She wears a blue t-shirt, a dark grey cardigan and blue jeans along with black and white shoes. She seems to be holding an object in both hands.
The left profile of a medium built, short young man with black hair and pale skin. He wears a red short sleeved shirt or a t-shirt along with blue jeans and black and white sport shoes. He carries a large black back pack and seems to be holding something in both hands.
A medium built, short man with black hair. He wears a white t-shirt with black, yellow and orange print on the chest area, black jeans and blue and white sport shoes. He carries a yellow and black back pack.
A skinny and short young man, probably of Asian origin. He has black slightly long hair and wears black framed glasses, a light grey shirt with blue sleeves, blue jeans and black and white sport shoes. He carries a long strapped black bag which he wears cross body and holds a white mobile phone in both hands.
A middle aged, medium built woman with pale skin and short black hair with a fringe hair cut. She wears a bright pink long t-shirt and a light grey and white checked sweater on top. She also wears black knee high sport shorts and black sneakers. She carries a green and black sport bag on her right arm and some papers on her other hand.
A medium height and medium built man with black hair. He has his back turned against the camera. He wears a long sleeved, formal white shirt, light grey fabric pants and black shoes.
A skinny and medium height young man with dark colored hair. He wears a magenta colored t-shirt, dark blue jeans and black shoes. The man has his back turned against the camera.
A slim and medium height Asian man with straight black hair and a fringe hair cut. He wears a formal, long sleeved shirt, black fabric pants and black leather shoes. He carries a black bag on his right hand.
A skinny teenage boy with slightly long black hair, wearing a white t-shirt, red knee high baggy shorts, black, white and red colored sport shoes. He carries a back pack with black, purple and pink patterns on it and has his back turned against the camera.
A teenage boy with slightly long, straight and black hair. He wears a white t-shirt, brown jeans and black, white and red colored sneakers. He wears black framed glasses and a black back pack with a small yellow badge. The teenager has his back to the camera.
A young, slim and short man with slightly long, straight black hair, sideburns and a fringe hair cut. He wears a bright blue t-shirt with white print on the chest area, black sweat pants with white lines on both sides and black and white sport shoes. He carries a black back pack.
A young and slim man with short black hair. He wears a blue t-shirt, grey pants and black and white sport shoes. He carries a black back pack. He also has a red folder tucked under his left arm and has back turned against the camera.
A thin and young woman with straight, black and medium length hair. She has half of her hair gathered into a bun and the other half is free. She wears a white t-shirt under a black dress along with black stockings and black flat shoes. She carries a white bag with black straps on her left size and carries A4 sized papers under her right arm.
A young and slim young man with short black hair, wearing dark framed glasses, a light grey t-shirt, knee high tight shorts and black and neon lime sport shoes. He carries a black bag on his right shoulder and plays with his mobile phone which he holds in both hands.
A medium built and short man with slightly long straight, black hair, probably Asian. He wears a black t-shirt with white print on the front along with black jeans and black and white sport shoes. He has his right profile facing the camera.
A young and slim, medium height woman with straight, long and black hair gathered into a low ponytail. She wears a green t-shirt, a white cardigan on top and blue jeans along with black and white sport shoes. She carries a black and blue back pack and seems to be holding an object like a mobile phone in both hands.
A hunched and medium height, slim young man with slightly long black hair. He wears black framed glasses, a dark green t-shirt, light beige pants and brown shoes. He carries a black back pack and wears a black watch on his left wrist.
A thin and short young woman, probably Asian. She has dark hair and a fringe hair cut. She wears dark framed glasses, white earphones, a dark purple blouse and a white cardigan along with ice blue jeans and yellow flat shoes. She wears a black bracelet one her left wrist and carries a black bag on her right arm. The woman holds a piece of A4 sized paper in her left hand.
A slim and short young woman with her body turned against the camera. she has black hair gathered into a bun. She wears a parliament blue cardigan, blue jeans and black and white sneakers. She carries a long strapped brown bag on her right shoulder and seems to be carrying a black and white striped bag on her other hand.
A middle aged, medium built and short woman, probably of Asian origin. She has straight, dark colored and shoulder length hair. She wears a lime colored polo neck t-shirt, dark grey baggy pants and blue and white sport shoes. She is holding an object, probably a shirt in both hands.
A young woman with straight, black, long hair gathered into a low pony tail. She has a fringe hair cut and black framed glasses. She is probably of Asian origin and wears a white formal shirt under a formal black jacket along with black pants and black flat shoes. She carries a red bag on her right arm.
A teenage boy with dark complexion and short black hair. He has his back turned against the camera and the resolution is very low. He wears a white t-shirt, dark colored pants and carries a black back pack.
A medium built and medium height young man with straight black hair, a fringe hair cut and black framed glasses. He seems to be wearing a light grey t-shirt on top of light beige knee high cargo shorts, beige sandals or shoes. He has his back facing the camera and seems to be holding something in both hands, probably a mobile phone.
A medium built and medium height young man with slightly long black hair. He wears black framed glasses, a long white polo neck t-shirt and dark grey knee high cargo shorts along with black flip flops and he seems like he is holding something, probably a mobile phone in both hands.
A young, medium built and short man with slightly long straight black hair. He wears a navy shirt with yellow cuffs, light beige fabric pants and dark brown flip flops. He probably wears black glasses and has his back turned against the camera.
A young and medium built short man with a light grey t-shirt, beige cargo shorts, black socks and white sport shoes with three maroon stripes on both sides. He wears black framed glasses and has his back facing the camera.
A very thin and short young man with short black hair. He wears a white or light grey polo neck t-shirt on top of blue jeans and black sport shoes. He carries a large black laptop and has his left side turned to the camera.
A slim teenage boy with slightly long straight black hair, wearing black framed glasses, a black t-shirt and white pants along with green sport shoes which have three white stripes on both sides. He carries a black shoulder bag, probably a laptop bag on his right and has his right profile turned to the camera.
A tall, medium built and broad shouldered young man with short black hair, wearing a bright red t-shirt on top of black knee high tight shorts and black sport shoes. He has his back turned against the camera and seems to be holding something in both hands probably a mobile phone or a tablet.
a short and slim young man with short black hair. He wears a grey and black checked sweatshirt with a hood on top of dark blue jeans and black sport shoes. He has his back turned against the camera.
A little boy with slightly long black hair. He wears black framed glasses, a white and light grey checked sweatshirt with a hood, beige shorts and white sport shoes. The child has his back turned against the camera.
A pale skinned young and short woman with straight black hair tied into a ponytail. She wears a short sleeved white top and a maroon mini skirt with white high heeled shoes. She carries a white bag with a brown strap on her right arm, a blue folder under her left arm and a pink jacket in her left arm. She is facing the camera.
The right profile of a thin and tall looking man with short dark hair. He wears glasses, a red t-shirt with white prints in the front, black bermuda pants and beige crocks or sandals with black stripes. He holds a paper or a notebook and a pencil in his right hand.
Young and tall looking, medium size male person with short black hair. He wears a gray shirt with rolled up sleeves which is not tucked in and baggy blue jeans. He probably wears a pair of black and white snickers.
The left profile of a middle-aged male with short black hair. He looks very thin and short. He wears a light blue t-shirt and black pants. He has white sport shoes. He probably carries a black cross-body bag on his back. He probably has a watch or a bracelet on his left wrist.
A male person with black hair. He wears a white polo t-shirt and black sweat pants. He has a pair of white shoes possibly running shoes. He has a black backpack with a white Nike logo on it.
A slim girl with long black hair, probably wears glasses. She wears a gray t-shirt and super mini white shorts with a black button on the back. She wears light brown high heel shoes. She carries a medium size, beige and brown shoulder bag on her left shoulder. She is holding something in her right hand, possibly a cellphone.
A young man with his back turned against the camera. He looks medium built and athletic. He has dark colored hair. He wears a white t-shirt, probably with black print on the front and gray cargo pants along with black snickers with white welts. He has a large black backpack.
A young looking, slim girl with long black hair looking at her phone while walking. Her phone has a white case and its screen looks black. She wears a short and pink dress with short sleeves and black-white sport shoes. She is holding a brown bag or a jacket in her hands.
The right profile of a medium built man who seems to be middle aged. He wears glasses and has short black hair. He wears a red polo t-shirt, blue jeans and gray sneakers with white welts. He is holding a black bag in his right hand probably carrying a laptop. He is looking at his right and might be talking on his cellphone.
The left profile of a young and slim male with slightly long black hair that covers top of his ears.He probably wears black sun glasses. He wears a gray t-shirt with black print on the chest area and black jeans along with purple or dark gray shoes with black welts. He holds something gold colored under his left arm.
Teenage girl who looks short and slim and has long and dark colored hair and wheat skin. She wears red framed glasses, a pink t-shirt with white prints on the chest area. She also wears small white shorts and pink flat shoes with white welts.
Athletic looking young, slim male with glasses. He wears a white t-shirt with large black print on the front. He wears white and ice blue checked shorts and colorful sneakers that have purple, green, white colors patterns on them. He wears a watch or a bracelet on his left wrist.
The right profile of a young male with glasses. He wears a dark blue t-shirt that has a white stripe on its right shoulder. He wears dark blue jean shorts and light brown leather shoes. He holds something in his left hand, probably some kind of paper.
Young and probably Asian woman who looks like she is talking on the phone via white, wired headphones. She has long black hair. She wears a navy colored short dress with short and white sleeves along with white flat shoes. She carries a pink beach bag on her left shoulder.
A young, pale skinned, medium sized male looking at something that is in his right hand, probably a cellphone. He has short black hair. He wears a black and white t-shirt that has stripes below the shoulder area. He wears gray shorts and white sneakers. He carries a big and black shoulder bag on his left shoulder.
A medium built, short and wheat skinned middle aged man with short black hair. He wears a light grey jacket and a black polo neck t-shirt under it. He also wears light green baggy pants and black sport shoes. The man has his right turned to the camera and he carries a large black beach bag on his right arm.
The profile of a very thin and short young man with slightly long black hair. He wears a white shirt a black tie, black fabric pants and black formal shoes. He is facing the camera but the photo's resolution is very low.
A black, medium built young man with his back turned against the camera. He has short black hair and wears a dark grey t-shirt, light beige or ivory colored baggy pants and white shoes and he carries a black taichi bag on the left.
A young and slim young woman with straight, black and shoulder-length hair, wearing a black sweatshirt with white print at the back along with super mini ice blue shorts. Her feet can't be seen and she seems to be holding a black cased mobile phone in both hands. The young woman has her back turned against the camera.
A thin and short young man with slightly long, straight black hair and a tan. He wears a bright red t-shirt on top of light grey or blue jeans and black sneakers. He carries a large black back pack and holds a mobile phone in both hands, probably texting. The young man has has left side facing the camera.
A teenage boy or young man with slightly long dark hair, wearing a green and white striped t-shirt and tight fitting black pants along with sport shoes. He carries a black back pack and holds a mobile phone in his right hand; seemingly texting. The young man has his right side turned to the camera.
A teenage girl with medium-length, straight black hair. She wears a light grey and long sleeved top on top of skinny black jeans and black shoes. The girl carries a dark colored back pack and has her right side facing the camera.
The profile of a medium built man with black hair, probably African. He wears a light grey or white sweatshirt, black baggy pants and black shoes. He carries a dark colored back pack and has his right side facing the camera.
A young, thin and medium height young woman with short black hair. She wears a black t-shirt with white print on the front, light beige skinny pants and white sport shoes. She also wears a watch on her left wrist and a black bag on her right arm. She is facing the camera.
A thin and short young man with black hair and a fringe hair cut. The young man wears a black short sleeved shirt or a t-shirt, black pants and black and white sport shoes, probably with a nike logo on both sides. He carries a large black back pack and has his right side facing the camera.
A medium built young man with short black hair. He wears a black t-shirt with black baggy pants and black shoes. He might be carrying a black laptop bag on his left shoulder. The man has his back turned against the camera.
A teenage girl with straight and long black hair worn into a low ponytail. She wears a light grey sweatshirt on top of black pants and black shoes. She carries a black back pack and has her right side facing the camera.
A medium height and slim young man with slightly long black hair. The man has his left side turned to the camera and he wears a black and white, long sleeved checked shirt on top of blue jeans and black and white sneakers. He carries a large black back pack and he seems to be holding something in his hands, probably a mobile phone.
A slim and short young man in formal clothing. He wears a white or light grey shirt under a black business jacket, black fabric pants and black leather shoes. The man has his left side facing the camera.
A thin and short young man with short black hair. He wears a light grey t-shirt on top of black sweat pants along with black and white colored sport shoes. He has his right side turned to the camera and carries a large black back pack.
A short and slim young girl with straight, black and long hair and a fringe cut. She wears a black pullover or cardigan along with black skinny pants and light blue or light grey sneakers. She has her right profile facing the camera and she wears a large black back pack.
A thin and short young man with short black hair, wearing a black and white checked shirt, blue jeans and black and white sport shoes. He carries a black laptop bag with his right hand and has his left side facing the camera.
A short young woman with straight, black, long hair worn into a high ponytail. She wears a blue or green and white checked short sleeved t-shirt, dark beige bermuda pants and black and white sport shoes. She carries a large red beach bag on her right and has her left side facing the camera.
A medium built middle aged woman with straight, black and long hair gathered into a low ponytail. She wears a black and white striped t-shirt, black pants and black shoes. She seems to be wearing a watch on her left wrist and she seems to be pushing something like a baby carriage. The woman has her left side facing the camera.
A short teenage boy with slightly long black hair. He wears a black sweater, black knee high baggy shorts and black and white sport shoes. He carries a large black back pack and has his right side facing the camera.
A teenage girl with straight, black and long hair and a fringe. She wears a black t-shirt, a super mini black skirt and white flat shoes or flip flops. She carries a large black back pack and seems to be holding a black mobile phone in her right hand. She has her left side facing the camera.
A young man with short black hair, wearing a white t-shirt on top of dark colored jeans and black shoes. He wears black framed glasses and carries a black laptop bag on his right. He has his right side facing the camera.
A medium built and medium height young and sporty man with short black hair, wearing an over-sized dark grey sweatshirt and knee high sport shorts with white stripes on the sides along with black flip flops. The man is holding a black phone with both hands, probably texting somebody and he has his back turned against the camera.
A medium built and probably middle aged man with short black hair. He wears a long sleeved black sweater on top of black baggy pants and white sport shoes. He carries a black and red laptop bag on his right arm and has his right side turned to the camera.
A medium built middle aged man with short black hair. He wears a light grey t-shirt, dark grey baggy pants and black shoes. He carries a large white beach bag and holds an orange object in his left hand. The man has his back turned against the camera.
A young woman wearing a white shirt on top of tight black jeans and black and white shoes. She is holding her mobile phone in both hands and has her left side facing the camera.
A young and slim woman with straight black hair and a bob hair cut. She wears a white shirt, black skinny jeans and black and white sport shoes. She carries a large light beige back pack and has her right profile facing the camera.
A teenage girl with straight black medium length hair, wearing a white cardigan and a light pink skirt along with black stockings and white shoes. She is carrying a light pink beach bag on her right arm and she has her back turned against the camera.
A young slim and short woman with straight black and medium length hair. She wears a white t-shirt, a black cardigan and tight black pants along with black flat shoes. She has her left side facing the camera and she is holding a phone in both hands, probably texting.
A short and young man with short black hair, wearing a mint green t-shirt along with light beige knee high shorts and light grey sneakers. He seems to have a tan. the man has his back turned against the camera and he might be wearing a black back pack backwards.
A slim young man with black hair and a fringe cut. He wears a black t-shirt on top of tight black pants and his shoes can not be seen. He carries a large black back pack and has his left side facing the camera.
A slim young man with short black hair. He wears a black t-shirt on top of blue jeans and black and white shoes. He has his back turned against the camera and might be carrying a black back pack.
A short and slim boy with shoulder length and straight black hair, wearing a light blue t-shirt, black knee high shorts and dark colored flip flops. He is holding a beige jacket or shirt in his right hand and seems to be wearing glasses. The boy has his right side facing the camera.
Short looking, slim, young man has his back turned to the camera. He has slightly long black hair and he wears glasses. He wears a green and black, checked, long sleeved shirt and blue jeans along with black sneakers. He might be holding something in his right hand, possibly a cellphone.
A right profile of young, slim medium size and medium dark skinned male. He has short black hairs. He wears black and gray sweatshirt with long sleeves and dark gray shorts. He wears a pair of black and white sport shoes.
A female who seems to be middle-aged, slim and short. She wears a black, green and white checked, long sleeved shirt. She holds a black clutch in her left hand. She wears black pants and black leather shoes. She has short black hair and glasses.
The left profile of a middle-aged female with long black hair and medium dark skin. She wears a white blouse, a black jacket and black pants. She carries a white plastic bag in her left hand and also seems to have a shoulder bag on her left shoulder.
The profile of middle-aged and medium sized man. He wears a blue long sleeved shirt and light beige pants.He wears a black belt. He is facing to the camera and slightly smiling. His hands are holding each other in front of his body.
A young medium sized male with short black hair who possibly wear glasses. He wears a black jacket with white horizontal stripes on its skirt area, black pants and a pair of sneakers that look similar to the classic Converse model. He wears a red backpack on his left shoulder.
Young looking slim male with short black hair. He wears a black and white t-shirt, beige or light brown skinny pants and white Nike sneakers. He might have a black laptop bag or backpack hung on his right shoulder. His back and right profile are facing the camera and his face is not clearly visible.
A slim man with slightly long black hair facing his right side to the camera. He wears black long sleeved sweatshirt and dark blue or gray cargo pants. He has a black backpack which has a red part on the top. He wears black sport shoes with white welt.
Young skinny male with short black hair who probably wears glasses. He seems to be waiting someone or something with his hands in his pockets. He wears a white and burgundy striped sweatshirt with a hood. He has light brown shorts and also carries a light brown shoulder bag on his right shoulder. He has gray shoes.
A young male with slightly long black hair. He drinks something from a red and white cup. He wears a blue and black t-shirt and black pants. He might have a black backpack on his back.
A middle-aged looking female with straight, black hair which is probably medium length. She wears a black coat and black pants. She wears a pair of black sport shoes with white welt. She has her back turned to the camera and her right side is barely visible. She is carrying a large, square looking black bag on her left shoulder which is a possibly a laptop bag.
The left profile of a young, very slim and tall looking male. He has black hair which is very short on the sides and medium length on the top of his head. He wears a light gray jacket probably with a hood on top of black shorts. He wears a black backpack. He has dark gray or blue sport shoes which look like NBA style.
The profile of a young male with his right side facing the camera. He has medium length black hair that covers half of his ears. He wears a blue sweatshirt with a hood and ice blue or gray shorts. He seems to have flip-flops. He carries something in his right hand, probably a white shopping bag.
Young male facing his back to the camera while talking to someone who stands on his left side. He has medium length black hair. He wears a white or very light gray t-shirt and black shorts with two vertical white stripes on the sides and a small pocket. He wears a small, black cross-body bag on his back. He also wears black flip-flops.
Young athletic built man talking with a cellphone with his left hand. He has a white or silver sweatshirt and a dark green or black jacket on top of it. He wears black shorts and flip-flops. The man is looking to his right while his left profile faces the camera. He might have a bag on his right side that is not visible to the camera.
A middle-aged pregnant looking woman fixing her hair with her left hand on her forehead that also makes it looks like she is covering her face with her left hand. She has shoulder length black hair and wears a gray top. She wears short dark blue or black shorts. She wears light gray sport shoes and carries a black backpack.
A tall looking slim male wearing a white shirt and a black or dark blue jacket on top along with black pants. He has short black hair. He seems to have his hands in his jacket pockets. He has black shoes with white welt. He is looking to his right while his left is facing the camera.
Young looking slim guy with white or light gray backpack hung over his right shoulder facing his front side to the camera. He has short black hair. He wears a two colored sweatshirt with black on the shoulder area and gray below the chest and a white horizontal line divides the colors. He wears light brown skinny pants and probably same color shoes. He holds something in his left hand that might be a cellphone or wallet.
A young or middle-aged looking male with short black hair wearing light gray or white shirt with short sleeves. His head is turned to his right while his left side is facing the camera therefore his face is not visible. He wears beige or light green pants. He has gray sneakers with black shoelaces. He holds a black medium size hand bag, probably a laptop bag.
Young looking sportive guy with short black hair. He wears a dark gray t-shirt or a jersey and black shorts. He wears black socks, white sneakers with black details on the sides. His back is turned to the camera and his right profile is barely visible. He has a big beige shoulder bag on his right shoulder with three vertical brown stripes on the side.
The right profile of young or middle-aged woman. She has long black hair and pale skin. She has an orange t-shirt with white stripes on the sleeves. She wears black pants and probably a pair of black sport shoes. She wears a large red backpack which has white or silver vertical stripes on the sides. She might be holding something in her right hand.
An athletic looking young man with medium length black hair that covers half of his ears. He has a gray top and black shorts with white stripes on the sides. He wears a black coat that might have a hood. He wears black flip-flops. He holds something in his right hand, probably a coffee cup. His left profile is facing the camera and he might have a shoulder bag on his right shoulder.
The left profile of a middle aged and Asian looking man. He has medium length black hair that covers his ears. He has a gray or light green t-shirt and dark brown or black cargo pants. He might have a watch on his left wrist. He has black sneakers with white stripes on the sides.
A slim and sporty young man with short black hair. He wears a light grey zipped sweatshirt with a hood on top of black knee high shorts, black socks and black sport shoes. He carries a large black backpack and has his right side turned towards the camera.
A medium built and thin man with short black hair, wearing a beige t-shirt, flower patterned knee high shorts and black flip flops. The man has his right side facing the camera and he seems to be holding an object, probably his mobile phone in his hands.
A medium built and medium height young man with slightly long straight black hair. He wears a bright red long sleeved top and black knee high shorts along with black and white sport shoes. He carries a large bright red back pack and his left side faces the camera.
A teenage boy with short black hair, wearing a white long sleeved sweater with maroon stripes on top of beige baggy pants and black and white sport shoes. The boy carries a large black backpack and he holds a mobile phone in his left hand. His left side is facing the camera.
A teenage boy with dark black hair. He wears a black t-shirt on top of beige knee high shorts light colored shoes. He is carrying a black beach bag with his left hand in addition to a black backpack. The teenager is also wearing a black watch on his left wrist and his left side is facing the camera.
A slim young man with black short hair, wearing a black jacket, black pants and black leather shoes. He carries a black long strapped bag which is probably leather, on his right arm. The man has his right profile facing the camera.
An old man with short grey hair. He wears a long sleeved white shirt a silver grey tie and black formal pants. He seems to have something like a mobile phone in his left shirt jacket and his left side is facing the camera.
A short young man with short black hair wearing sunglasses, a red and white checked shirt on top of dark grey pants and black and white sport shoes. The man is carrying a black backpack and the front part of his body is facing the camera.
A profile of a probably middle aged and Asian slim woman.She has long, black hair gathered into a ponytail. She has gray or white top and black jeans and black snickers with white on top. She has a large, beige over the shoulder bag. She is getting something from her bag.
A medium height and medium built woman with straight black and long hair gathered into a low ponytail. She wears a grey long sleeved shirt under a darker colored jacket, a black tight and black framed glasses. She carries a black backpack and has her right side facing the camera.
A short and slim young woman with straight black medium length hair. She wears a light yellow or creme colored short sleeved top, black jeans and black and white shoes. She carries a long strapped panda shaped bag on her right arm and has her right side facing the camera.
A short young man with slightly long, straight black fringe cut hair. The young man has his left side facing the camera and he wears a bright orange t-shirt on top of dark colored jeans, black and white sport shoes and he carries a large black backpack.
A very thin and medium height young man with short black hair. He wears a white t-shirt with black print on the front along with skinny fit black pants and white sport shoes. He carries a large backpack and his left profile is facing the camera.
A short and slim young boy with short black hair, wearing a black sweatshirt with a hood on top of black pants and black shoes. The boy has his right side turned towards the camera.
A medium height and slim young woman with straight black hair. She wears a black and long sleeved top, tight beige colored pants and black high neck shoes. She carries a grey backpack and probably glasses. The girl has her right side facing the camera.
A slim and medium height young woman with shoulder length straight black hair. She wears a black elbow high sleeved top, light beige baggy pants and high heeled black shoes. She carried a large and long strapped black bag on her right arm and has her right profile facing the camera.
An overweight and short boy with short black hair. He wears a grey long sleeved top and a black sleeveless top along with light grey or light beige knee high shorts and black flip flops. The little boy has his front facing the camera.
A small and thin girl with straight black medium sized hair. She wears a red long sleeved top along with skinny fit black pants and black and white shoes. She carries a large black backpack and has her right side facing the camera.
A small thin girl with straight medium sized black hair gathered into a high ponytail. She wears a white t-shirt with a dark green cardigan on top of it and light blue bermuda pants and black and white sport shoes.
A short and slim young man with slightly long black hair. He wears a black jacket, black tight pants and black shoes. He seems to be carrying a dark colored backpack and has his right profile facing the camera.
A medium height and thin girl wearing a black sweater, a black skirt, black stockings and black and white shoes. She carries a brown or orange shoulder bag on her left arm and her right profile is turned towards the camera.
A medium built and short young man with his left side facing the camera. The man wears a white t-shirt with a black text printed at the front under a zipped light grey sweater along with black pants, red, white and black Nike sport shoes. He carries a black backpack.
A short and slim boy with short black hair. He wears glasses, a white t-shirt with black print at the front, black knee high shorts and black flip flops. The boy has his left side turned towards the camera and he is carrying a large black backpack.
A slim young man with fringe cut short black hair. He wears a black sweatshirt, black knee high shorts and black and white sport shoes. He might be carrying a large back pack and he is running. The young man has his left profile facing the camera.
A medium built and short young boy with slightly long black hair. He wears a black t-shirt, black pants and black and white shoes. He carries a black backpack and a black portfolio bag in his right hand. The man has his left side facing the camera.
A medium height young man with short black hair. He wears a white t-shirt along with black and ten shorts, black and white sport shoes and he carries a large black and white backpack. The man has his right profile facing the camera.
A slim young man with black hair and a fringe hair cut. He wears a light grey shirt, black high waist pants and holds his mobile phone with his right hand. The man has his left side facing the camera and he carries a cartoon colored large paper package with white dots and a black handle.
An overweight and short young man with his back turned against the camera. The man has straight black hair and wears a black and white horizontal stripe t-shirt along with tight black pants and black and white sneakers.
A sim young man with short black hair and a dark complexion, wearing a black t-shirt on top of knee high black shorts and black flip flops. The young man has his back turned against the camera.
A thin young man with straight and short black hair. He wears a polo neck white t-shirt with black horizontal stripes along with skinny fit black pants and black sneakers. He is carrying a black backpack and wearing glasses. The young man has his left side facing the camera as his talks on the phone which he holds in his right hand.
A medium height and young man with slightly long, straight black hair and probably glasses. He wears a black long sleeved sweatshirt, baggy dark colored pants and black and white shoes. The man carried a large black backpack and and holds a mobile phone in his left hand. The man has his back turned against the camera.
A very short and slim young man with short black hair. He wears a dark grey or dark blue t-shirt, dark colored shorts and black shoes and he carries a black laptop bag in his left hand. The man's left profile is facing the camera.
An overweight and probably middle aged woman with straight black medium length hair gathered into a high ponytail. She wears a loose black shirt with elbow length sleeves, black pants and probably glasses. The woman has her back turned against the camera.
A medium built short man with short black hair. He wears a light beige or light grey t-shirt along with commando patterned cargo shorts and black flip flops. The man's left side is turned towards the camera.
A very skinny young woman with straight black hair. She wears a white t-shirt, skinny fit black pants and white sport shoes. She carries a dark colored shoulder bag on her left and her left profile is facing the camera.
The profile of a short young man with a slightly long hair cut. He wears a short sleeved light blue or light grey shirt with tight black pants and white high neck sport shoes. He carries a dark colored bag on his left shoulder and talks on the phone which he holds with his right hand. The man has his left profile facing the camera.
A very skinny and short young man with short black hair. He wears a light yellow short sleeved shirt with knee high black shorts and dark colored shoes. He carries a black laptop bag cross body and the man's left profile is facing the camera.
A short and young man with slightly long black hair, probably Asian. He wears a white, black and grey checked long sleeved shirt on top of skinny fit black jeans and white sport shoes. The young man's left side his turned against the camera. He has his hand in his pocket.
A very skinny young boy with short black hair and glasses. He wears a light grey t-shirt, light grey or light beige cargo shorts and black and white sneakers. He is carrying a large black laptop back on his right shoulder. The boy has his right side facing the camera.
A medium built man with black hair and a very dark complexion. He wears a black t-shirt, dark colored jeans and he has his back turned against the camera. He seems to have sideburns and a beard.
A young boy with black hair worn in a fringe haircut and glasses. He wears a white t-shirt, black pants and black shoes. He is carrying a large black backpack. The young boy's left side is facing the camera.
A young and short girl with straight black and long hair. She wears a white t-shirt under a black long sleeved cardigan along with black pants and white and black sport shoes. She also carries a large orange or red back pack and holds a white object, probably a tablet with her right hands. The girl has her right side facing the camera.
A young man with short black hair. He wears a mint green t-shirt, black baggy pants and white and black sport shoes. He is carrying a black long strapped bag cross body and he also seems to be wearing glasses. He has his left side facing the camera.
A short and young man with short black hair he has his left side facing the camera and he wears a black t-shirt on top of dark colored bermuda pants along with white socks and black shoes. He is wearing a watch on his left wrist and carrying a black bag on his right shoulder. the man is also holding a black cased mobile phone in his left hand.
A short young man with black short hair. He wears a black t-shirt with white print in front of it, light beige pants and white and red Nike sport shoes. He is wearing black framed glasses and a black backpack. His front profile is facing the camera.
A young and short man with slightly long hair. He wears a black t-shirt and a zipped sweater on top of it along with black knee high shorts and black and white sneakers. His front profile is facing the camera and he is holding a piece of paper in his hands.
The profile of a short and medium built young man with dark complexion. He wears a long sleeved orange and red colored top along with black pants and black Nike shoes. He carries a large red backpack and seems to be wearing glasses and has his left side facing the camera.
A lean young man with short black hair. He wears a white long sleeved top with green sleeves along with black pants and black and white sport shoes. He is carrying a large light beige backpack and might be holding a mobile phone in his right hand. The man has his back turned against the camera.
A short medium built man with short black hair. He wears a white long sleeved shirt on top of black pants and black shoes. He is carrying a black backpack and he has his back turned against the camera.
A slim young man with short black hair wearing glasses. He is wearing a black and white checked long sleeved shirt and black pants and he is carrying a large black backpack. The young man has his back turned against the camera.
A skinny young girl with straight black medium length hair. She wears a grey t-shirt, black skinny fit jeans and black flat shoes. She has her right side facing the camera and she is carrying a black laptop bag on her right arm. She is also carrying a black cardigan or scarf on her left shoulder and is holding a mobile phone with both hands.
A teenage boy with short black hair. He wears a white t-shirt, black pants and white shoes. He is carrying a large black backpack and he has his right side facing the camera. He might be holding something like mobile phone in his right hand.
A young man with slightly dark colored long hair. He wears a dark grey sweater with a hood along with black pants and a black backpack. The man has his right side facing the camera and he is wearing black framed glasses.
A thin young woman with shoulder length straight black hair. She wears a grey long sleeved zipped sweater and light beige mini shorts and black high neck shoes. She is holding a white folder in her right hand and she has her right side facing the camera.
A thin young girl with straight black and long hair gathered into a high ponytail. She wears a black long cardigan on top of skinny fit black pants and black and white sport shoes.She seems to be wearing dark framed glasses and large white or silver colored headphones. The woman's right side is facing the camera.
A lean young man with short black hair. He wears a red t-shirt and a grey sweatshirt on top of it along with black skinny fit pants and black and white sneakers. The man's left profile is facing the camera and he is talking on the phone which he is holding with his right hand. Her also seems to be holding something in his left hand.
A young woman with straight black hair. She wears a black long sleeved shirt, light grey jeans along with white sport shoes with three black stripes on both sides. She is carrying a very large black backpack. The woman's back is turned against the camera.
A skinny young girl with straight black long hair. She wears a grey t-shirt and a black cardigan on top and a super mini black skirt, black stockings and black shoes. She is carrying a light pink folder and her right side is facing the camera.
The profile of a slim man with short black hair. He wears a long sleeved black sweater, blue jean shorts and black and white shoes. The man is directly facing the camera.
A very young and slim woman with straight black long hair, wearing a black long sleeved top, a super mini black skirt with brown sandals. The woman's left profile is facing the camera and she is carrying a large orange beach bag on her left shoulder.
a young and thin woman with straight black medium length hair wearing a black t-shirt on top of black bermuda pants and bright red nike sport shoes. The woman has her left side facing the camera and she is wearing a black watch on her left wrist.
A thin young man with black hair and a slightly dark complexion, wearing a black long sleeved top and grey pants. The man seems to have a beard and he is carrying a large black backpack. He has his right side facing the camera. He also seems to be wearing a black bandana.
A young thin man with short black hair wearing a long sleeved light grey sweatshirt with a hood on top of dark colored jeans and black shoes. He is carrying a black backpack and his right side is facing the camera.
The profile of a thin young man with short black hair and glasses. The man is wearing a black t-shirt with white writing printed on the chest area. He is wearing light beige pants and black sneakers. The man is carrying a black back pack and the front part of his body is facing the camera.
A thin young man with short black hear. He is wearing a white t-shirt on top of black jeans and black and white sport shoes. He is carrying a large and black backpack and the young man has his left side facing the camera.
A slim young women with black long hair. She s wearing a white top and a black long sleeved cardigan or shirt on top of it. She is also wearing skinny fit black pants and black high neck shoes. She seems to be talking on the phone which she is holding with her right arm and carrying a beige bag on her right shoulder. The young woman is walking towards the camera.
A medium built child with glasses. He wears a navy t-shirt and black pants and black shoes. He is holding a large black laptop bag in is left hand and he has his left side facing the camera. He seems to be wearing a black watch on his left wrist.
A medium built man with dark and short hair, wearing a light grey sweatshirt with a hood on top of black pants and he is carrying a large black backpack and grey and white sneakers. The man has his left side turned against the camera.
The profile of a very thin young man, probably a teenager with short black hair. He wears a light grey long sleeved shirt on top of skinny fit black jeans and black and white sport shoes. He has his left side facing the camera and he is holding a black object like a tablet or a book with both hands.
A thin man with short black hair, wearing a grey short sleeved shirt, light grey pants and a black backpack. The man has his left side facing the camera.
A thin woman wearing a scarf and holding a black umbrella. She is carrying a large and dark red backpack and wearing a long sleeved and long green and white checked shirt along with a pair of black pants and white sport shoes with three black stripes on both sides. She has her back turned against the camera.
A medium built young man with short black hair, wearing a white t-shirt with black motifs on the front, light beige shorts and black and white sport shoes. He is wearing a large black backpack and he is talking on the phone which he is holding with his right hand. The man seems to be wearing a black watch on his left wrist and has his left facing the camera.
A slim young man with short black hair wearing a light blue t-shirt, black pants and black shoes. He is carrying a very large orange colored backpack. He has his back turned against the camera. He seems to be holding something like a mobile phone in his right hand.
A thin young man, probably Asian. He wears a long sleeved black top, black skinny fit pants along with black shoes and he is carrying a black shoulder bag on his left shoulder. The man seems to be carrying a very large red object with his left hand and has his right side facing the camera.
A young slim man with short black hair, wearing a dark grey sweatshirt, black and white sport pants, probably with an Adidas logo on it along with red and white sport shoes. the man is carrying a black backpack and he is reading something like a magazine or a very large tablet which he is holding with both hands. He has his left side facing the camera.
A slim young man with a black t-shirt, black knee high shorts, black and white shoes and a large backpack with white zippers. The man seems to be wearing glasses and he has his left side facing the camera.
A thin young man who is a brunette. He wears a light blue t-shirt and dark grey pants along with black shoes. He is carrying a large black backpack with neon yellow zippers and he has his back turned against the camera.
A slim young man with short black hair, wearing a light grey long sleeved top with white stripes along with black jeans and black shoes. He is carrying a black backpack and a grey sport bag with his right arm. The man has his back turned against the camera.
A slim male teenager with short black hair. He wears a black t-shirt with a light grey zipper sweater on top of it. He is also wearing skinny fit black pants, white sport shoes and he is carrying a black backpack. The teenager's front is facing the camera.
A profile of a young and thin man with short black hair. He is wearing a black and white striped t-shirt and a dark colored jacket on top of it. He is also wearing dark pants and white sport shoes. He might be carrying a black backpack and a newspaper under his right arm. The man has his right side facing the camera.
A profile of a medium built woman with straight black and long hair. She wears a long black jacket, black jeans and black shoes. She is carrying a large yellow backpack and she is holding a very long white object which seems like a rolled up banner with both hands.
A slim female teenager with long black hair tied into a low ponytail. She wears a checked dark colored shirt and black skinny fit pants along with black and white sneakers and a black backpack. The teenager has her bask turned against the camera.
A thin young man with short black hair, wearing a long sleeved black sweatshirt with a hood, dark colored jeans, white sport shoes and a large black backpack. The man has his right side facing the camera. He might be wearing glasses.
A short male teenager or young man with short black hair. He wears glasses, a light grey long sleeved shirt, knee high black shorts and black shoes. The man has his left side facing the camera and he is holding a bright green folder in his left hand. He has his left side facing the camera.
A short and young woman with shoulder length straight black hair. She wears a white t-shirt with a black jacket on top of it. She is also wearing skinny fit black jeans and black and white sneakers. The woman is carrying a large black shoulder bag on her right shoulder and has her left side facing the camera.
A medium built young man with short black hair. He is wearing a light grey long sleeved top with dark grey stripes, black pants and a black backpack. He is also wearing glasses and he has his right side facing the camera.
A thin young woman with long, straight black hair. She is wearing a sleeveless dore top, white pants and black falt shoes She is carrying a green beach bag with dark brown straps on her right shoulder. She has her back turned against the camera.
A slim woman with straight, long, black hair. She wears a dark brown long sleeved top, a light beige knee high skirt and black stockings along with black and white shoes. She seems to be carrying a beige clutch with her right hand. The young woman has her right side facing the camera.
A very short and slim female teenager with straight black hair, gathered into a ponytail. She wears a grey long sleeved top, black pedal pushers and white sport shoes. She is carrying a large white beach bag with green motifs on it. She seems to be wearing glasses. The teenager has her right side facing the camera.
A slim young male teenager with short black hair, wearing a dark grey t-shirt knee high black and tight shorts and black and white sport shoes. He is carrying a black backpack and has his right side facing the camera.
A young and slim female with straight black and long her wearing a long light grey cardigan and light colored shorts along with light grey sport shoes. She is carrying a very large light beige backpack and seems to be holding something with both hands. She has her back turned against the camera.
A thin female teenager with long and straight black hair with fringes. She wears a white t-shirt, black mini shorts and black shoes. She is carrying a light beige cardigan with her left hand and a white and black mobile phone with her right hand. She has her left side facing the camera.
A very skinny young woman with long dark hair, wearing a black and long sleeved top, blue jeans along with black and white sneakers with white laces. She is carrying a black bag on her right shoulder and has her left side facing the camera.
A thin young man with short black hair. He is wearing a white t-shirt, black pants and black shoes. He is carrying a large black backpack and has his right side facing the camera. He might be holding a black cased mobile phone in his right hand.
A medium built young man with short black hair. He is wearing a white t-shirt, black baggy pants and is talking on the phone which he is holding with his right hand. The man has his right side facing the camera.
A very skinny young man with short black hair, wearing a dark red t-shirt, black cargo shorts and black and white shoes. He is carrying a large black backpack and might be wearing glasses. He has his right facing the camera.
A skinny young man, possibly a teenager with short black hair, wearing a black t-shirt, black shorts, black and white sport shoes and a large black backpack. He has his right side facing the camera.
a skinny young man with short black hair. He wears a red long sleeved shirt with its sleeves rolled up to his elbows, dark grey pants and a large dark colored backpack. He seems to be wearing glasses and he has his right facing the camera.
A skinny male teenager with short black hair, wearing a black sweater with a hood, knee high black shorts and black shoes. He is carrying a large black backpack and wearing black framed glasses.
A medium built man with short black hair. He wears a long sleeved white shirt with black pants and black shoes. He is carrying a large black shoulder bag on his right shoulder and his left side is facing the camera.
A hunchy looking young and slim male teenager with short black hair. He wears a black t-shirt, black pants and black and white shoes. He is carrying a folder or a bag under his left arm and he seems like wearing glasses. The man's right side is facing the camera.
A thin young man with short black hair, wearing a black polo neck shirt and light grey pants. He is carrying what seems to be a black lap top bag on his left shoulder and holding a jacket with his right hand. The man's right side is facing the camera.
A thin and young man with short black hair. He wears a white shirt, a black sleeveless vast on top of it along with black pants and black and white sneakers. The man is carrying a black laptop bag with his left hand and another black bag with on his right shoulder. His right side is facing the camera.
A skinny young woman with dark wavy hair. She wears a very light green long sleeved top and shorts in the same color along with grey and black shoes. She seems to be carrying a bag on her right shoulder while holding something with both hands, examining it. the woman's left side is facing the camera.
A thin young woman with long straight and black hair. She wears a white t-shirt, black mini shorts and black shoes. She is facing the camera and seems to have a smile on her face. The woman is holding a light colored bag and a mobile phone with her right hand.
A medium built woman with long and straight black hair. She wears a red and white striped top with a black jacket on top of it, a pair of dark colored pants and white sneakers. The woman has her left facing the camera and she is carrying a black cased mobile phone in her right hand while carrying a flask in her left hand.
A slim young woman with straight black shoulder length hair. She wears a light grey cardigan, tight black pants and black shoes. The woman has her right facing the camera and she is carrying a white and black beach bag with red straps.
A young medium built woman with shoulder length straight black hair. She wears a white t-shirt with a black print on the front, a black short sleeved shirt with its buttons undone, knee high dark grey colored shorts and black and white sneakers. The woman's carrying a black backpack and a white package in her left hand. She has her left facing the camera.
A very skinny male teenager with short black hair. He wears a black t-shirt, beige colored skinny fit pants, white sport shoes and glasses. He has his right facing the camera.
A skinny young woman with shoulder length black hair. She wears a red t-shirt, black super mini shorts or a skirt and white and red flat shoes. She is carrying a black laptop bag on her left shoulder and she seems to be holding a black object in her right hand. The woman has her right side facing the camera.
A thin and young woman with straight black shoulder length hair. She is wearing a white top with long and black sleeves, skinny dark colored pants and black shoes. She is carrying a light beige shoulder bag on her right shoulder and a black cardigan or jacket in her right hand. The woman's right is facing the camera.
A medium built middle aged man with short black hair. The man is wearing a light grey long sleeved shirt with its sleeves rolled up to his elbows, very light beige fabric pants and white or light grey shoes. The man looks like he is carrying a black shoulder bag on his right shoulder and he is holding some documents or a white covered magazine in his left hand. His left is facing the camera.
A very skinny male teenager with short black hair, wearing sun glasses, a light grey long sleeved shirt, black pants and black shoes. He is carrying a black backpack and his left side is facing the camera.
A young skinny and short man with short black hair. He is wearing a white t-shirt, dark grey or black knee high shorts, brown sandals or shoes and he is carrying a large and and long strapped black shoulder bag on his left arm. The man's back is turned against the camera.
A thin young woman with long straight black hair, wearing a white t-shirt with black short sleeves, black skinny fit pants along with white sport shoes. She is carrying a large beach bag looking shoulder bag with white and dark green horizontal stripes. She is also carrying something like a small white hand bang with her left hand. The woman has her left profile facing the camera.
A thin young woman with straight black medium length hair, wearing a long sleeved and long checked dark green,black and white shirt, light grey pants and white sport shoes with three black stripes on each side. She has her left facing the camera. She seems to be holding something like a clutch in her right hand.
A very thin and short middle aged man with short black hair, The man is wearing glasses with black frames, a long sleeved black shirty and black pants along with black and white sneakers. He might be carrying a bag on his right shoulder. His left profile is facing the camera.
A chubby young man with a bob style slightly long black hair. The man is wearing a v-necked dark grey t-shirt, black pants and black and white sneakers. He is carrying a long strapped large grey and black bag on his left shoulder and his left side is facing the camera.
A skinny young and short woman with medium length straight black hair. She is wearing a white shirt and a black cardigan on top of it. She has buttons done and she is wearing a very light grey skinny fit pair of jeans along with black and white sneakers. The woman is carrying a dark colored backpack and she has her left side facing the camera.
A chubby young man with slightly long hair, wearing a light grey t-shirt, black pants and black and white sport shoes. The man is carrying a large black backpack and he is wearing glasses. His left side is facing the camera.
A skinny young man with black hair, wearing a mint green t-shirt, black pants and black framed glasses. The man has a slightly dark complexion and he is carrying a black laptop bag with his right hand. The man's right side is facing the camera.
A thin and young Asian man with bronze tan and dark hair. He is wearing a navy t-shirt, knee high black shorts and red or maroon flip flops. The man is carrying what seems to be a black lap top under his left arm and he has his back turned against the camera.
A medium built female with straight black and medium sized hair, wearing a black and white or grey horizontal striped long sleeved top, black jeans and black shoes. She carries a large orange or red backpack and her left side is facing the camera.
A short and young man with slightly dark complexion. He may possibly be from the Philippines or Malaysia. He is wearing a mint green, short sleeved t-shirt along with black pants and black and white shoes. He is carrying a black backpack and the left side of his body is facing the camera. The man is holding what seems to be a sheet or a magazine with his left hand and he is reading it.
A young and short medium built Asian man with a bronze complexion, wearing a white and red horizontal striped polo neck t-shirt, a yellowish beige vest with its buttons open, black pants and white sport shoes. The man is carrying a black back pack and holding what seems to be a white cased mobile phone in his left hand. The man's front is facing the camera.
A very skinny and short young man with short and black hair, wearing a white t-shirt with thin black and horizontal stripes, a very light grey or ice blue pants and white sport shoes. The man is wearing a long strapped cross body bag and carrying another bag with his right hand. The man's left side is facing the camera.
A medium built young man, wearing a black polo neck t-shirt, very light beige knee high and baggy shorts along with high neck orange or light brown shoes. The man is carrying a large red backpack and he might be wearing a black watch on his right wrist. The man's left side is facing the camera.
A very skinny and short young man with short black hair. the man's wearing a long sleeved and dark colored shirt along with light beige cargo shorts and white flip flops. The man's left side is facing the camera.
A short and young man who has a slightly dark complexion. He may possibly be from the Philippines or Malaysia. He is wearing a very light green short sleeved shirt along with dark grey pants and black and white shoes. He is carrying a black back pack and the right side of his body and his whole face can be seen.
A thin man with short black hair who is wearing a black jacket, grey fabric and not to tight fitting pants along with black and shoe. the man might be carrying a dark colored backpack and his front is facing the camera.
A young and medium built man, probably Asian. The man is wearing a black polo neck shirt, dark grey pants and black shiny shoes. His front is facing the camera and he seems to smiling and his mouth is slightly open.
The profile of a very skinny young man with short black hair, wearing a light colored and long sleeved shirt, black pants along with white shoes and a very large backpack. The man's back is turned against the camera.
A young and very skinny man with short dark hair wearing a light beige t-shirt, black pants and white sport shoes with three black stripes on the sides. He is carrying a large black backpack and his right side is facing the camera.
A young and slightly hunchbacked male with short black hair. The man who is probably Asian, wears a white t-shirt with a large black print on the front along with dark colored pants and black and white shoes. He is carrying a beige shoulder bag on his right shoulder and his right profile is turned against the camera.
A young and very skinny man with short black and straight hair, wearing a long sleeved shirt with tight fitting black pants and black and white sneakers. The man is carrying a long strapped black bag on his right shoulder and he is holding a mobile phone with his right hand. The man's right side is facing the camera.
A very short young woman or a teenager with black hair tied into a bun, wearing a black polo neck t-shirt with skinny black jeans along with black and white sport shoes. She is carrying a black bag on her right shoulder and has her back turned against the camera.
A thin woman with straight black medium length hair, wearing a dark colored and long sleeved shirt, black pants and black flat shoes. She is carrying a large light brown or orange bag on her right shoulder. Her back is turned against the camera.
A slim male teenager with short black hair, wearing a white t-shirt wit ha large red and white print on the front, black knee length shorts and high neck black and white sneakers. The teenager is carrying a large backpack and his right side is facing the camera. His mouth seems to be slightly open.
A thin man with short black hair, wearing a black t-shirt, dark beige pants and black and white sport shoes. The man's left profile is facing the camera and he might be carrying something like a folder with his right hand.
The left profile of a skinny women with straight black and short hair. She is wearing a grey and white t-shirt, dark coulred pants and yellow shoes. She is wearing a watch on her left wrist and her left side is facing the camera. She also seems to be wearing a black shoulder bag on her right shoulder.
A young and slim woman with straight black medium length hair, wearing a red and white horizontal striped top, a black skirt and light colored shoes which seem to be high heeled. She is carrying a beige bag on her left shoulder and holding a white package which seems to be a folder with her left hand. She also seems to be wearing a bracelet or a watch on her left wrist. Her left side is facing the camera.
A very slim young man with short black hair, wearing a dark colored t-shirt, grey pants and yellow or brown shoes. The man is carrying a large black backpack and his right side is facing the camera. His neck and Adam's apple attract notice.
A young and short woman with straight black medium sized hair, wearing black and white top with large horizontal stripes, tight black pants and white sport shoes along with a white or grey shoulder bag on her right shoulder. She has her right side facing the camera.
A young and short female teenager with straight black and medium length hair, wearing a green top and a light grey cardigan on top along with dark colored pants and black and white shoes. She is carrying a black shoulder bag on her right arm and she seems to be smiling. Her left side is facing the camera.
A young and slim girl with straight black and medium sized hair gathered into a high ponytail, wearing a grey polo neck t-shirt, black pants, red and white sport shoes and carrying a large black shoulder bag on her right shoulder. She has a light grey cardigan or shirt tied around her hips and her right is facing the camera.
A very slim young man with short black hair, wearing a white or light grey shirt, black pants, white and black pants along with black and white sport shoes. He is carrying a black backpack and is holding a mobile phone in his right hand. His right side is facing the camera.
A slim man with short black hair, wearing a checked green-white-black long sleeved shirt, black pants and a black backpack. His back is turned against the camera.
A young man with short black hair, wearing a black jacket, ice blue jeans and black and white sport shoes. He is carrying a large black backpack and his back is turned against the camera while his right side is seen better than his left side.
A young woman with short black hair, wearing a black top, a vivid red skirt, black stockings and red and white flat shoes. She is holding a phone in her right hand and her right side is facing the camera.
A slim male teenager with short black hair, wearing a light grey sweatshirt with a hood, black jeans and black sport shoes. He carries a black backpack and seems to be wearing glasses. His left side is facing the camera.
A young man with short black hair, wearing a light green t-shirt, light beige cargo shorts, white sport shoes and a large black and red backpack. The man's left side is facing the camera and he is holding a mobile phone in his left hand.
A young and slim woman with black medium length straight hair, wearing a grey shirt, black jeans and dark colored shoes and carrying a small, black and long strapped shoulder bag on her right shoulder. Her right side is facing the camera and she is carrying a magazine or a folder under her left arm while holding her mobile phone with her right hand.
A young slim Asian woman, probably Asian and a teenager with black long hair gathered into a ponytail, wearing a polo neck white t-shirt with maroon or red horizontal stripes, a dark colored cardigan, ice blue jeans, black shoes, glasses and black shoes. The woman's left side is facing the camera and she seems to be wearing a watch on her left wrist.
A young and slim man with short black hair, probably Asian, wearing a black shirt or jacket, black pants, black framed glasses. He carrying a large black shoulder bag on his left arm and his right side is facing the camera.
A young and slim women with short black hair, wearing a white shirt with its sleeves rolled up, black pants along with dark coloured shoes and she is carrying a large black shoulder bag on her right shoulder. She has her right side facing the camera.
A slim young man with black and short hair, wearing a black and red t-shirt with a small white print on the right shoulder, black pants and black and white sport shoes. The man is carrying a black backpack and wearing a black and white watch on his right wrist. He seems to be holding something like a mobile phone in his right hand and his right is facing the camera.
A young and slim man wearing a large sized grey t-shirt with black pants and black and white sport shoes and a black cross-body bag. The man has his back facing the camera.
A young woman with dark and medium length hair wearing a green shirt, a black skirt and yellow boots She is wearing a black back pack and holding a white folder in her right arm. She has her back facing the camera.
A medium built woman with dark and long hair worn in a ponytail. She wears an orange and long sleeved top and a black pants along with white sport shoes and a large black backpack. She has her right side facing the camera.
A slim girl with shoulder length black hair facing her back to the camera.She wears a light gray sweatshirt with a hood, blue jeans and white sneakers. She has a large burgundy bag on her back that she wears cross-body. She is holding something in her right hand possibly a dog leash.
A very thin young man with black hair, wearing a white t-shirt and black pants, a beige coloured shoulder bag and carrying a black laptop bag or a document bag with his right arm. The man's front side is turned to the camera.
A young man with short and black hair and a beard and sideburns, wearing a black jacket, ice blue jeans, white sport shoes and a black large backpack. The man's back is turned against the camera.
A slim young man with black short hair wearing a black t-shirt, beige cargo shorts along with black and white sport shoes and a yellow and black back-pack. The men has his back turned against the camera and he is holding a folder or a laptop with his right hand.
A slim woman with dark, long and straight hair, wearing a dark coloured and long sleeved top, a grey or white mini skirt and black stockings. Her right is facing the camera and she is carrying a red and black shoulder bag on her right arm.
A young and slim woman with dark medium length straight hair, wearing a white long sleeved top and a black mini skirt with black flat shoes. She has her left turned to the camera and she carries a black shoulder bag on her right. Her right arm covers her face.
A young and very thin woman with short black hair. She is wearing glasses, a dark green shirt along with black pants, grey sneakers and a green backpack. She is facing her back to the camera.
A young and slim woman with short black hair, wearing a green sweatshirt with a hood along with grey pants and white and black sport shoes. She has her right side facing the came and is carrying a light colored backpack while texting with both hands.
A young and thin woman, probably Asian with black medium-length hair worn in a pony tail. She wears a red, long sleeved tunic with a hood along with black tights and black shoes. She has her right facing the camera and is carrying a black and large backpack.
A very thin young man with short black hair, wearing a red or orange t-shirt and ice blue jeans along with black shoes and an Adidas shoulder bag. The man seems to be wearing sun glasses and his right side is facing the camera.
A very young, very thin male teenager with short black hear, wearing glasses, a two-piece school uniform consisting of a short sleeved and dark t-shirt and dark black pants and school shoes. He is also wearing a large and black backpack and is holding a dark sweater on his left arm while talking on the phone; holding the phone with his right hand. The teenager is facing his left to the camera.
A young and thin girl with dark and medium length hair with bangs, wearing a black sweatshirt with a white print on its front along with green pants and red or orange sneakers. She has her left turned to the camera, both of her arms point toward the floor and they seem to be empty.
A slim man with short auburn or brown short-layered hair, wearing a black sweatshirt with a white print in the front, lighter colored cargo shorts and black flip flops. He has his front facing the camera and seems to be carrying something like a laptop on his right shoulder.
A slim man with short black hair, wearing a white long sleeved shirt, dark pants and a large and black backpack with leather black shoes. He has his back turned to the camera and his head is turned to his left. He might have his arms crossed or he might be holding something.
none
A young woman with straight, black and medium length hair gathered into a low ponytail. She wears a light pink dress-like top with white dots or flower patters on top of blue jeans and white sneakers. She also wears a light grey long sleeved cardigan on top and holds a red purse or clutch in her left hand.
none
none
A woman in her mid-twenties, maybe Asian. She has got medium length straight dark hair, with a fringe. She is wearing dark trousers and a long black cardigan with a hood. Her blouse is blue and her shoes have no heels. She is walking and keeping her phone in her left hand, and she seems as if she's reading a message. She's also holding something white against her chest, which might be a bag or a file.
A woman around 30 years old, with medium length dark hair. She is not too slim and she is wearing light blue jeans, a bit loose in the lower part. Her shoes are light-coloured and have no heels. In the upper part, she has a casual brown jacket. She might have a black sport bag, hanging on her right shoulder.
This picture shows a young woman, maybe about 20 years old, not too tall and not too slim. She has straight long brown hair, which she wears loose on the shoulders. Her face is round and her eyes seem to be big. She is wearing casual clothes: a loose coral blouse and a pair of cuffed dark jeans. She also has a pair of dark ballerina flats and she's holding a light-coloured folder in her left hand.
This is a woman of medium height, dressed up in casual clothes. Her face is almost unperceivable, but she seems to be young and happy. She has a pair of grey ballerina flats and a pair of tight black trousers, which fit her slim figure pretty well. In the upper part she has a grey anorak with black horizontal lines. She has a file and a black bag on her left side.
This picture shows a young Asian man in his twenties, walking with his left hand inside his pocket. He has short black hair and he wears glasses. He is casually dressed up with a white T-shirt, baggy brown trousers and a black spring jacket. He is also wearing a black rucksack.
This man is smartly dressed up in a black suit, probably going to the office. He is young, maybe around 22-25 years old, Asian, with glasses. He has short dark hair and he seems pretty serious. In his right hand, he is carrying a black suitcase, with a few silver buttons on the side. His shoes are brown.
This picture shows us a sporty outfit and the figure of a young man. He is wearing glasses and his dark hair is cropped short. He is wearing brown sports shoes and beige casual trousers. In the upper part, the young man is wearing a light blue shirt. In his right hand, it seems as if he's carrying a folder.
The young man in this picture is quite short and well-built, possibly Asian. He has medium length straight dark hair and he is wearing glasses. His sporty outfit includes a pair of light blue jeans, quite baggy, a white T-shirt and a spring unbuttoned jacket. His jacket is black and the reverse part of its hood is red, the pockets having grey borders. The young man is also wearing a black rucksack and grey trainers. He has a wristwatch on the left.
There is a young tall woman, possibly Asian. She has long straight dark hair with a fringe and she is wearing glasses. As she's walking, she seems to watch her mobile phone, which she keeps with her both hands. In the upper part of her body, she has a modern black jacket with a hood, and on the left she has a white big bag made from canvas. She's also wearing a black mini-skirt and colourful ballerina flats.
He is a middle-aged man, casually dressed, with short black hair. He is wearing a pair of dark-blue jeans and black and white trainers. He has got a black sweater and on his right shoulder he has a cherry-colored bag with a silver clasp in the middle.
This is a young, tall woman, speaking on the phone as she walks. She's got long straight black hair, loose on the back. She's dressed up in light blue jeans, a bit loose in the lower part, and a long black cardigan. On her left shoulder, the woman is carrying a canvas brown bag with a few common patterns on it, maybe a few horizontal lines. She is holding her phone in her right hand and a folder in her left, against her left side.
It's the picture of a tall young man, with short curly black hair. He's wearing summer clothes, that is a blue cotton T-shirt and black trousers. He is also wearing a black rucksack on the back and dark trainers.
A tall well-built young man, around 22 years old. He has a classical haircut and he's wearing casual comfortable clothes. His grey V-neck sweater matches very well with a pair of denim grey trousers and a pair of leather brown sports shoes. He also has a watch with a silver strap on his left hand.
This image represents a teenager, with short dark hair, of medium height and possibly Asian. He is quite slim and well-built, wearing glasses. He has a white and grey T-shirt and a pair of cotton light brown trousers. In his feet he seems to have sports shoes, maybe grey. He is also wearing a black rucksack on the back and he seems to be in a hurry.
This is a young guy, I think about 20 years old. He is facing the camera and I can see he's wearing sunglasses. His clothes are casual, suitable for going to university. He is wearing a dark grey long-sleeved shirt and light grey jeans, and maybe sports shoes. Also, on his back, he has a big black rucksack. His hair is short and dark and he is quite tall.
This young guy has a modern hairstyle, dark hair with long strands around his face. He seems quite fit, as if going to the gym regularly. He is wearing a dark grey T-shirt and a pair of denim grey trousers. In his feet, he has a pair of black and white sneakers and a black rucksack on the back.
This is a grown-up person, most probably a man in his 40s, with the back at the camera. He has short black hair and he's well-built, almost a bit overweight. He's wearing a long-sleeved light blue denim shirt, a pair of beige cotton trousers and white and black sneakers. His hair is not too short and his hairstyle is old-fashioned. On his right side, he's wearing a black bag, possibly made from canvas.
A female adolescent of around 17 years old, with a medium length ponytail, brunette, and very cute. She is wearing a beige jacket and grey trousers and she seems to walk quickly. However, she is carrying one purple rucksack on the back and one black suitcase in her right hand.
This looks like a young well-built man around 20-30 years old. He is casually dressed up in a mauve T-shirt, dark blue jeans and white and black trainers. He has short black hair, with a classic haircut. On his back, he's carrying a black rucksack.
She is a stylish fresh woman around 25 years old, with nice straight dark hair, hanging loose on the shoulders. She is wearing a chic grey blouse and a grey skirt, right below the knees. In the lower part, the skirt has some lighter lines, circling the entire skirt. She has a pair of white booties and a pink bag on the left. She's also keeping some sheets of paper against her chest.
Looking at her colourful clothes, it seems like she's a teenager. She's exhibiting a nice bob haircut, with a nice strong dark hair. Her pink anorak makes a flashy contrast with her purple skirt, black leggings and light green ballerina flats. She has a delicate black, maybe, rucksack on the back.
Seen from his right side, he seems to be quite young, and quite tall and fit. He is wearing a simple white T-shirt, light brown cotton trousers, and black boots, it seems. Probably he's also wearing glasses. His hair is black and short and it seems a bit ruffled because of the wind. His only accessory is a black rucksack on the back.
In this image there is the figure of a young man, very tall and thin. He seems to be over 23 years old, because of his classic haircut, blue shirt and simple grey trousers. He is wearing beige trainers, or maybe leather sports shoes. He hasn't got anything else on him.
This picture shows a woman, standing or maybe walking. She seems to have long black hair, with a fringe. She is not tall and she's not too thin. Her outfit is all black, probably she's wearing a dress and then a longer jacket, which is above the knees. The trainers are white and grey and she is carrying a red thick book in her hands against her chest.
none
none
none
none
none
none
none
none
none
none
none
none
none
none
none
none
none
none
none
none
none
none
none
none
none
none
none
none
none
none
none
none
none
none
none
none
none
none
none
none
none
none
none
none
none
none
none
none
none
none
none
none
none
none
none
none
none
none
none
none
none
none
none
none
none
none
none
none
none
none
none
none
none
none
none
none
none
none
none
none
none
none
none
none
none
none
none
none
none
none
none
none
none
none
none
none
none
none
none
none
none
none
none
none
none
none
none
none
none
none
none
none
none
none
none
none
none
none
none
none
none
none
none
none
none
none
none
none
none
none
none
none
none
none
none
none
none
none
none
none
none
none
none
none
none
none
none
none
none
none
none
none
none
none
none
none
none
none
none
none
none
none
none
none
none

none
none
none
none
none
none
none
none
none
none
none
none
none
none
none
none
none
none
none
none
none
none
none
none
none
none
none
none
none
none
none
none
none
none
none
none
none
none
none
none
none
none
none
none
none
none
none
none
none
none
none
none
none
none
none
none
none
none
none
none
none
none
none
none
none
none
none
none
none
none
none
none
none
none
none
none
none
none
none
none
none
none
none
none
none
none
none
none
none
none
none
none
none
none
none
none
none
none
none
none
none
none
none
none
none
none
none
none
none
none
none
none
A woman, probably in her early thirties, wearing orange coloured long top with a pair of grey or blue coloured jeans. She is wearing white coloured shoes. She has dark, long hair. She is holding her mobile phone in her left hand.
An average man with dark hair, short hair cut, wearing white tshirt with black collar. He is wearing a pair of grey coloured jeans. He is wearing black coloured shoes. He is wearing a silver wrist watch in his left hand. He is holding something like a mobile phone in his left hand.
A beautiful Asian girl, with long, dark hair, wearing brown coloured long top with a pair of grey coloured leggings. She is wearing beige or sandal coloured shoes. She is carrying a black bag on her back.
A middle aged man, probably in his forties, with slightly grey hair, wearing brown or purple coloured tshirt with a pair of grey coloured pants. He is wearing black coloured shoes. He has a black waist bag tied around his waist.
This is a boy in his late teens, wearing white coloured shirt with a pair of light coloured shorts. He wears light coloured shoes or sandals. He has dark, short hair. He is carrying a black bag in his right hand.
A young, tall man with normal body build, wearing blue or grey coloured shirt with a pair of white shorts. He is wearing brown coloured shoes. He has short and dark coloured hair. He is carrying a black bag on his left shoulder.
Looks like a guy who is lean and skinny, wearing red coloured tshirt with dark coloured jeans. He has dark and short hair. He is carrying a black coloured back pack on his back. He is wearing a black watch on his left wrist.
A lady in her sports wear. She has dark, long hair, tied into a ponytail. She is wearing black coloured tshirt with a pair of black coloured track pants. She is wearing black coloured shoes. She carries a blue coloured backpack on her back.
This man looks pale, but young, wearing pink coloured shirt with a pair of dark coloured pants. He is wearing eye glasses. His hair is dark and short. He is carrying a black bag on his left shoulder. And is holding a white and green polythene bag and another black bag in his left hand. He wears silver colour watch on his left wrist.
A chic girl, dressed up in black tshirt with white lines across with a blue coloured denim short skirt. She is wearing white and black coloured shoes. She has dark, long, straight hair. She wears eye glasses. She may be carrying a black coloured backpack.
This girl has dark, short hair, tied into a bun on the back. She is wearing orange or red coloured collared tshirt with a pair of light blue denim micro shorts. She appears to be wearing dark coloured shoes.
Tall, slender and young woman, with short, brown hair, wearing a dark coloured top with a pair of blue coloured skin tight jeans. She is wearing white coloured shoes, probably a canvas. She carries a black bag on her right shoulder.
Appears like a tall man, with short and dark hair, wearing black coloured polo tshirt with a pair of dark blue coloured jeans. He appears to be wearing some dark coloured shoes. He is wearing eye glasses.
This man appears to be in his early forties, with partially grey hair. His hair is short. He is wearing white or grey coloured shirt with a pair of grey coloured trousers. He is wearing black coloured shoes and is walking fast. He has something like a waist bag tied to his waist on the right.
A young woman, looking tall, probably in her mid twenties, with dark, long hair with a ponytail, wearing brown and grey coloured top with a pair of light blue denim pants. She is wearing a pair of white coloured shoes.
A man who appears short, with dark, short hair. He is wearing white coloured polo neck tshirt with a pair of black coloured pants. His shoes are black coloured too. He is carrying a black bag on his right shoulder.
Looks like an old man with dark skin tone, completely grayed out hair wearing white or light blue coloured shirt with dark coloured shorts. His shoes are not visible to the camera. He is not carrying any bags.
This is a picture of a tall, thin man who does not look like an Asian. His hair is golden in colour and he wears a grey coloured tshirt with a pair of dark coloured shorts. He is wearing black shoes and black socks.
A slightly stout woman, who has dark hair, tied in the back, wearing grey coloured top with a pair of blue coloured denim capri pants. She is wearing green or blue coloured sports shoes. She carries a black bag on her right shoulder.
Tall man, looking very thin, wearing red coloured tshirt with a pair of grey coloured pants. He is wearing black coloured shoes. He has dark, short hair. He is carrying a black cross body bag on his left shoulder.
This man appears young and pale, and kind of fit, with dark and short hair. He is wearing grey coloured tshirt with the Great Britain's flag printed on it. He is wearing black coloured pants. He wears black shoes. And a black watch on his left wrist. He is carrying something like a jacket in his right arm.
Young man with medium build, with brown or red coloured hair, wearing eye glasses for his eyes and a wrist watch on his left wrist. He is wearing black tshirt with white logo printed. He is wearing a pair of beige shorts. He wears white coloured shoes. He holds something like a pack in his right hand.
An old man, probably in his late sixties or early seventies, with full grey hair, wearing grey polo tshirt with a pair of dark grey trousers. He is wearing black or grey coloured shoes. He is wearing a silver coloured watch on his left wrist.
An Asian, who has dark hair and fair skin, wearing grey coloured tshirt with black collar. He wears a pair of brown coloured shorts. He is wearing brown coloured slippers. He is carrying a brown coloured bag on his right shoulder.
This man appears to be wearing brown coloured shirt with a pair of black coloured trousers. He is wearing black coloured shoes. His hair is short and black coloured. He may be wearing spectacles for his eyes. He is carrying a black cross body bag on his back.
A boy in his late teens, with short and dark hair, wearing white and black collared tshirt with horizontal stripes on it. He is wearing a pair of black jeans and a pair of black shoes. He carries a black cross body bag on his back.
Young man, looks tall and nice, with dark hair, wearing brown coloured shirt with a pair of grey coloured pants. He is wearing a pair of dark coloured shoes. He may be wearing eye glasses.
An old woman, with brown coloured hair, cut short, wearing blue or light green coloured shirt with a pair of dark coloured cargo pants. She is wearing dark coloured shoes. She is wearing a watch on her left wrist. She is carrying a black bag on her right shoulder.
A well built man, appears tall and young, wearing grey coloured polo tshirt with a pair of blue coloured denim shorts. He is wearing a dark coloured waist belt. He wears red coloured slippers. He is wearing black coloured watch on his left wrist. He appears to be wearing eye glasses. His hair is dark and short.
A lady elegantly dressed up in black translucent top with a pair of blue coloured jeans. She is wearing black coloured shoes. She has dark, long hair. She is carrying a black bag on her left shoulder.
Photo of a man who is wearing brown coloured tshirt with collars, with a pair of black coloured pants. He is wearing black coloured shoes. He has dark, short hair. He is carrying a black bag on his left shoulder.
A man who adjusts his hair while he walks. He wears white coloured tshirt with multicolour prints on it. He is wearing a pair of black coloured pants. He wears blue coloured shoes. He is carrying a yellow coloured bag on his back.
This man's brown coloured hair appears bright in the picture. His hair is short and he is wearing spectacles. He is wearing blue coloured shirt with a pair of blue or grey coloured jeans. His shoes are black. He is carrying a large black cross body bag on his right shoulder.
A short and slightly stout girl, with dark and short hair, wearing red or pink tshirt with a grey jacket on top of it, with a pair of grey shorts. She wears dark coloured shoes. She is holding a set of files or books in her left arm. And a set of cables in her right hand.
This is a picture of a man with dark hair, wearing white shirt with a pair of grey coloured trousers. He is wearing black coloured shoes. His hair is short. He may be holding his mobile phone with his hands.
Skinny, tall man, who is wearing spectacles. His hair is black, and is short. He is wearing brown coloured tshirt with a pair of black coloured jeans. He is wearing black coloured shoes. He carries a black bag in his right arm.
This is a guy who looks young, with dark, short hair, wearing white coloured full hand shirt with a pair of black or brown coloured pants. He is wearing brown coloured shoes. He carries a black bag in his right hand.
Small boy, probably in his early teens, who has dark colour hair, wearing white or light ash coloured tshirt with a pair of brown coloured shorts. He is wearing black coloured shoes. He carries a black backpack on his back. He is holding something in his right hand.
Thin man, who looks young, with short and black coloured hair, wearing white or ash coloured tshirt with a pair of grey coloured shorts. He is wearing black coloured shoes. He carries a black coloured bag on his back.
Young woman who has dark hair and a cute short hair cut, wearing blue coloured tshirt with white prints on it. She is wearing black coloured pants. SHe wears brown coloured shoes. She wears a black watch on her left wrist. She carries a black bag on her back.
Tall man, dark coloured hair which is short, wearing black or grey coloured polo tshirt with a pair of grey coloured full pants. He is wearing black and green coloured shoes. He is carrying a red coloured bag on his left shoulder.
A girl who has cutely dressed up in black coloured skater dress with white sleeves, with a pair of black coloured leggings or tights. She has dark, long hair. She is wearing a silver coloured watch on her left wrist. She carries a white bag on her left shoulder. She holds a white file or book in her left arm.
A tall, skinny and young guy, with dark and short hair, wearing eye glasses. He is checking his phone with his left hand. He is wearing white or ash coloured tshirt with a pair of black coloured shorts. He is wearing a pair of grey coloured shoes. He carries a black coloured bag on his right shoulder.
A mystery man whose face is not visible to the camera. His hair is dark. He is wearing a black coloured tshirt with a pair of black coloured jeans. He is wearing black coloured shoes too. His hair is short. And his skin tone is dark.
A fit and tall woman, with dark hair, wearing grey or olive coloured tank top with a pair of dark coloured jeans or leggings. She is wearing black coloured shoes. She carries a green coloured backpack on her back.
This man appears to be smiling while he walks. He has dark and short hair. He is wearing dark green or black coloured collared tshirt with a pair of off white coloured full trousers. He is wearing dark coloured shoes. He carries a bag on his back.
A skinny girl who appears tall, has dark hair and fair skin. She is wearing black tshirt with white sleeves, with a pair of blue skin tight jeans. She wears beige coloured high heeled shoes. She has a black watch tied to her left wrist. She is carrying a bag on her right shoulder and is holding a file or a book in her right hand.
An elegant, young woman with brown hair, tied into a bun, wearing dark blue or grey coloured sweatshirt with a pair of dark coloured skinny jeans. She wears dark coloured shoes. She carries a black bag on her right shoulder and another bag in her left arm.
This woman should be in her thirties, who is holding an umbrella with her right hand. She wears green coloured polo tshirt with a pair of grey coloured pants. She wears grey coloured shoes. She is carrying a white bag on her right shoulder.
A middle aged woman, probably in her late thirties, with dark hair, wearing white or pink shirt with black coat on top of it, with a pair of black coloured formal pants. she is wearing black coloured high heeled shoes with white socks. She carries a brown bag on her right shoulder.
This photo is of a man who is thin and not so tall or not so short. He is wearing white tshirt with a cartoon character printed on it. He is wearing a pair of grey cargo pants. He wears black or dark coloured shoes. His hair is dark and short. He carries a black bag on his back.
A tall, young man, with dark skin tone, and dark coloured hair, wearing grey or white coloured tshirt with a pair of grey or white coloured shorts. He is wearing a black watch on his left wrist. His hair is short.
This man has middle age looks, with medium build body. He has dark and short hair. He wears eye glasses. He wears a grey or white coloured polo tee with a pair of black shots. He wears dark coloured flat slippers. He may be holding something with his hands.
Image of a man who has tied his hands in the back. He wears dark blue or grey coloured full sleeve shirt with a pair of beige coloured full trousers. He is wearing a pair of brown coloured sandals. His hair is dark and short.
Tall man, appears to be holding his hips with his hands, probably because of pain. He has black, short hair. He is wearing ash coloured tshirt with a pair of grey coloured cargo shorts. He is wearing white coloured shoes.
A man with dark hair, and short haircut, wearing grey coloured polo tshirt with a pair of dark blue or grey coloured denim pants. He is wearing white coloured shoes. He is carrying a black coloured bag on his left shoulder. He is holding a book in his right hand.
This appears to be a picture of a tall, slender woman, who has dark, short hair and is wearing a dark coloured top with a pair of white coloured pants. She appears to be carrying a shoulder bag on her right shoulder.
A skinny and tall man, wearing red coloured tshirt with white letters printed on it, with a pair of black or grey coloured shorts. He is wearing black coloured shoes. He has short and dark hair. He is carrying few books in his arms.
The colours of the dress of this person is not clearly visible. He appears to be wearing a dark coloured jacket with hoodie, with a pair of dark coloured denim pants. His hair appears dark and short. He wears a watch on his right wrist.
A handsome, young guy whose hair is black and short, is pointing his left hand at something. He is wearing eye glasses. He wears a grey coloured or white coloured hoodie jacket with a pair of beige shorts. He is wearing white coloured shoes. He wears a black watch on his left wrist.
This young woman tried to fold or unfold her umbrella while she walks. She is wearing white coloured top with a brown coloured mini skirt. She wears a pair of pink or beige coloured shoes. She holds a set of papers or files on her left hand.
A guy who looks tall and young and is wearing red coloured tee with a pair of grey coloured shorts. He is wearing beige coloured loafers. His hair appears to be black coloured and short. He is holding a set of books or papers in his right hand.
Tall man, with dark and short hair, wearing a grey or blue coloured denim shirt with a pair of dark blue coloured denim pants. He is wearing a pair of black shoes. He appears to be wearing a black coloured watch on his left wrist.
This guy's face is not clearly visible on the camera. But he looks like an Asian with dark and short hair. He is wearing a green or blue coloured tshirt with a pair of dark coloured pants or shorts. He is carrying a black coloured cross body bag on his back. He is wearing a metallic watch on his left wrist.
A young man, who wears white coloured polo tshirt and a pair of black or some dark coloured trousers. His shoes may be dark coloured. He has short hairstyle, with dark coloured hair. He carries a black or brown bag on his right shoulder.
This is a photo of a young girl who appears tall and pretty with long, dark and straight hair. She is wearing grey coloured tshirt with a pair of white mini shorts. She is wearing beige or brown coloured shoes. She carries a black coloured bag on her left shoulder.
Short man with short and dark hair, wearing white or ash coloured tshirt with a pair of black or grey coloured jeans. He is wearing a pair of black shoes. He carries a large back pack on his back.
This girl has dressed up neatly in yellow coloured shift dress. She has dark, long and wavy hair. She wears dark coloured shoes. She carries a black or brown coloured bag on his left arm. She appears to be holding a mobile phone in her right hand.
A man with dark skin tone, and dark hair, wearing red coloured tshirt with a pair of grey or blue coloured jeans. He is carrying a black coloured bag in his right hand. He is looking up at something with curiosity.
Tall, young and handsome man with dark and short hair, wearing grey coloured tshirt with a pair of black coloured jeans. He is wearing a pair of black shoes. He appears to be wearing eye glasses and is holding something in his left hand, probably his mobile phone.
A cutely dressed girl with dark, long and wavy hair, wearing red or pink coloured top with a pair of light green or white coloured mini shorts. She is wearing a pair of pink coloured slippers. She carries a dark pink or brown coloured bag on her right shoulder. She may be wearing eye glasses.
A man who wears a white tshirt with a black coloured design printed on it. He is wearing a pair of green coloured checked shorts. He is wearing white coloured shoes. He has dark hair. And his hair appears short. He appears to be smiling.
This is a picture of a man who appears to have dark hair and short haircut, wearing eye glasses. He is wearing dark blue or black coloured polo tee with a pair of black or blue coloured denim shorts. His shoes are brown in colour. He checks his mobile phone with his right hand while he walks and is holding something like a white paper or book in his left hand.
A lovely young girl, with dark, long, straight hair, wearing a white and black coloured shift dress, which has white coloured sleeves. She has her smart phone in her left hand and it is connected to the white earphones, and the earphones are inserted into her ears. She is carrying a red or brown handbag on her left shoulder.
School going boy, in his teens, with dark and short hair. He is wearing a black coloured tshirt with white coloured horizontal stripes on it. He is wearing a pair of grey coloured shorts. He wears white shoes. He carries a black bag on his back.
A middle aged man, probably in his late forties, with bald head. He is wearing white shirt with a pair of grey coloured full trousers. His skintone is kind of dark. He is carrying a black shoulder bag on his right shoulder.
A young guy in elegant suits. He has dark and short hair. He is wearing black coloured coat with a pair of black formal trousers. He is wearing black formal shoes. He carries a black coloured backpack on his back.
A man with dark and short hair, who appears to be walking fast. He is wearing brown coloured shirt with a pair of beige coloured pants. He is wearing light coloured shoes. Something in black, is hanging outside his backside pocket of his pants, probably his cap or hand kerchief.
A nicely dressed young girl, with dark, long and wavy hair, wearing black coloured jacket with a pair of grey coloured mini shorts. She is wearing black and white coloured flat slippers. She carries a black coloured backpack on her back.
A lean and tall, young boy, probably in his mid teens, wearing red tshirt with a pair of grey coloured full trousers. He wears a pair of red coloured shoes. He may be wearing eye glasses. His hair is dark and short. He is carrying a black bag on his back. He is holding his phone in his hands and is looking at it.
This man is wearing green coloured polo tshirt with white horizontal lines on it. He is wearing a pair of blue or grey jeans. His hair is dark and short. He is carrying a black bag on his right shoulder. His shoes are dark too. He is carrying a very big, black and grey coloured backpack on his back.
College going girl, walking while she carries a huge black or grey coloured backpack on her back. She is wearing white coloured top with a pair of dark blue jeans. She is wearing dark coloured shoes. She has dark, long and slightly messy hair.
A slim, young girl, who has beautiful long, dark hair, with a ponytail, wearing pink or white coloured top with a pair of black coloured pants. She is wearing brown coloured shoes. She carries a brow n coloured cross body bag on her left shoulder.
A very lean, skinny and unhealthy looking man with pale skin, wearing brown or grey coloured tee shirt with white coloured letters printed on it and white neckline. He wears grey coloured jeans and white coloured shoes. His hair is dark and short. He carries a black bag on his right shoulder.
Young guy who has dark hair, and short hairstyle, appears to be wearing eye glasses. He is wearing black tee with a pair of black coloured jeans. He wears black shoes. He carries a black backpack on his left shoulder.
This appears to be a man who is wearing black coloured tshirt with a pair of black coloured trousers. He is wearing black coloured shoes. He has black hair and it is short. He is holding something white coloured in his left hand, probably a book or a file.
A young lady walking fast while she looks at something on her right. She wears white coloured coat or jacket with a pair of grey coloured jeans. She is wearing white coloured shoes. She has dark, long hair. She carries a black and grey coloured backpack. She is holding something like a book in her left arm.
An Asian guy, probably in his early twenties, with dark and short hair, wearing spectacles. He is wearing black or grey coloured checked full hand shirt with the sleeves rolled up to his elbow. He is wearing a pair of grey coloured jeans. He wears grey or brown shoes. He is carrying a bag on his left shoulder.
A middle aged man, with medium body build, wearing white shirt with a black coat on it, with a pair of black coloured trousers. He appears to be having black coloured hair and it is short. He may be having a black coloured mustache too. His shoes are black.
Image of a man who has dark hair and wheatish skin tone. He is wearing grey coloured tshirt with a pair of black coloured pants. He is wearing black coloured shoes. He carries a grey coloured backpack on his back. He may be wearing spectacles.
A slender, young girl, with dark, long and messy hair, wearing dark coloured top with a pair of dark coloured leggings or jeans. She is wearing grey coloured shoes. She carries a huge, black bag on her back.
A man with dark and short hair, wearing black and white checked shirt with a pair of blue or grey jeans. He is wearing black and white shoes. He carries a black coloured bag in his right hand which appears to be having yellow coloured straps.
This blurred image looks like a picture of a young girl with long, dark hair which is tied into a ponytail. She is wearing pink coloured shirt with a pair of grey coloured pants. She is wearing black coloured shoes. She has a black watch tied to her left wrist. She is carrying a red bag on her right shoulder.
A lady with medium build, long, dark hair with ponytail, wearing black and white coloured tshirt with horizontal stripes on it. She is wearing a pair of blue or grey jeans. She wears a black coloured watch on her left wrist. She appears to be trying to use the trolley while she walks.
A young woman with black, short hair, wearing black coloured full sleeve top with a pair of black coloured shorts. She is wearing a pair of white shoes. She carries a brown coloured cheetah print backpack on her back.
A chic girl in black coloured sports wear. She is wearing black coloured polo tee with the number 2 printed on her right sleeve. She is wearing a pair of black mini shorts. She is wearing white coloured shoes. She has brown, long, straight hair. She wears something like a watch on her left wrist. She may be carrying a backpack.
Photo of a working guy who should be in his early thirties, wearing white tee with a pair of grey or blue jeans. He is wearing white and black shoes. He has dark and short hair. He is carrying a black coloured office bag on his right shoulder.
A man who appears to be reading a book or a newspaper while he walks. He appears young with dark and short hair. He is wearing a large, grey coloured hoodie jacket with a pair of black coloured shorts. He wears dark coloured slippers.
A big, tall man dressed in all black. He has black and short hair. He is wearing black coloured coat with a pair of black coloured pants. He is wearing white and black shoes. He is carrying a red coloured bag on his right shoulder.
This looks like a man, probably in his early thirties, wearing a grey coloured shirt with dark grey collar with a pair of dark grey coloured pants. He is wearing black coloured shoes. He carries a big device, orange in colour in his left hand and a white coloured shoulder bag on his right shoulder. His hair is dark and short.
A medium build woman, with dark and long, wavy hair, wearing black and white checked shirt with a white translucent top above that. She is wearing a pair of dark grey pants. She wears white coloured shoes. She carries a white coloured bag on her right shoulder. She holds a black or red coloured mobile in her right hand and is wearing a black watch or bracelet on her left wrist.
A girl wearing grey coloured shirt or coat with a pair of grey coloured full trousers. She is wearing white coloured shorts. She has dark hair with a poppy hairstyle. She carries a pink coloured backpack on her back.
This woman appears to be having a long, black coloured hair. She wears off white coloured long top with a grey coloured short skirt. She is wearing grey coloured socks and white coloured shoes. She is carrying a pink bag in her right hand. She is holding something like a mobile phone in her left hand.
A neatly dressed girl who has dark, long and slightly messy hair, wearing eye glasses. She wears white top with black coat on it. She is wearing black coloured skinny jeans. She wears red coloured flat sandals. She carries a black bag on her left shoulder.
A young man, probably in his early twenties wearing green tshirt with a pair of beige coloured shorts. He is wearing black shoes. His hair is dark and short. He is carrying a white and black bag on the front side of his body.
The hair of this man appears to be coloured either brown or burgundy. He wears purple coloured tee with white letters on it. He is wearing black coloured jeans. He wears black shoes. He is carrying a black bag on his back. He holds something like a book in his right hand.
A man whose hair appears black in colour and is short, wearing black tshirt with a pair of blue or black jeans. He wears dark coloured shoes. He is carrying a grey backpack on his back which has a green water bottle in it.
This should be a guy in his early twenties, with dark and short hair, wearing blue coloured tshirt with a pair of black shorts. He is wearing flat black coloured slippers. He is carrying a grey coloured bag in his right hand.
A slim man, who appears quite young with dark hair, wearing black coloured shirt with checks in white shade. He wears a pair of grey coloured trousers. He is wearing dark coloured shoes. His hair is short.
A short and stout guy, looks like a school going boy, wearing black and white checked jacket with a hoodie, with a pair of grey shorts. He is wearing white shoes with black coloured socks. He has dark and short hair.
This girl who is wiping her face while she walks, is wearing white and black coloured checked full sleeve shirt with a pair of blue or dark grey coloured jeans. She is wearing black coloured boots. She has dark and long hair. She carries a black bag in her left hand.
Not able to find whether this person is a man or a woman. This person wears white shirt with black coat on it. This person is wearing a pair of dark grey jeans and white coloured shoes. This person has dark hair.
A middle aged man with medium build, in full formal wear. He wears blue shirt with a pair of white or off white trousers. He is wearing black shoes. He carries a black bag on his right shoulder. His hair is black and short.
Photo of backpose of a man who appears to have short hairstyle and black coloured hair, wearing black coloured jacket with white border lines. He is wearing blue or grey coloured jeans. He carries a red bag on his back.
A school going boy, with brown, silky and short hair, wearing black coloured tshirt with a pair of beige coloured trousers. His shoes are white in colour. He carries a large bag on his right shoulder.
This is an image of a man who has dark hair, and is cut short. He is wearing black jacket with a pair of dark blue shorts. He is wearing black coloured shoes. He carries a black and orange coloured backpack on his back.
A tall man, who looks really skinny, appears to be wearing spectacles. He is wearing black tshirt with white jacket on top of it. His white jacket has hoodie on it, and has black stripes running horizontally. He is wearing beige or brown coloured shorts. He wears flat slippers. He carries a brown bag on his right shoulder. His hair is short and dark.
A school or college going guy, who has dark and short hair, wearing a blue coloured tshirt with a pair of grey coloured pants. He is wearing grey coloured shoes. He carries a grey bag on his back.
This girl has dark, long and wavy hair. She appears to be wearing dark coloured top with a pair of dark coloured jeans. She wears dark coloured shoes with white soles. She is carrying a white and black tiger print shoulder bag on her left shoulder.
Tall and fit man, with dark hair which appears short, wearing black tshirt with white letters printed on it. He is wearing a grey jacket and a pair of black shorts. He is wearing a pair of grey shoes. He appears to be wearing spectacles and is carrying a bag on his back.
A fat man wearing blue coloured hoodie jacket with a pair of grey or light blue cargo shorts. He is wearing dark coloured slippers. His hair is short and dark. His face is not visible to the camera.
A man with dark and short hair, wearing spectacles and walking while he talks. He is wearing white tshirt with a pair of blue shorts. He is wearing light coloured slippers. He carries a black cross body bag on his back.
A young man who appears to be tall and fair. He is talking on his phone. He wears white tshirt with green logo on it. He is wearing a brown or grey coloured coat with a pair of grey shorts. He is wearing black coloured slippers. He appears to be carrying a bag on his right shoulder.
A cutely dressed girl who has beautiful long, wavy hair with fair skin tone. She is wearing grey coloured zipper jacket with hoodie with a pair of grey coloured mini shorts. She wears flat slippers. She carries a black bag on her back. She is holding something like a mobile phone in her right hand.
This is a picture of young man who appears young and handsome with dark, short hair, wearing a white tee with red or pink coloured logo printed on it. He is wearing a black and green coloured coat or jacket. He wears black coloured jeans. He is wearing black shoes.
Photo of a boy who should be in his teenage. His hair is dark and short. He is wearing white coloured tee which has black horizontal lines in it. He is wearing beige coloured full trousers. He wears beige coloured shoes. He carries an ash coloured bag on his right shoulder.
A man who appears to have dark coloured hair, wearing white casual shirt with a pair of beige coloured trousers. His shoes are white in colour with red or brown coloured laces. He is carrying a grey coloured bag in his left hand.
This guy is wearing grey coloured polo tee with white collar with a pair of black coloured shorts. He has dark and short hair. He is wearing black coloured shorts and white coloured shoes. He is carrying a beige coloured bag on his right shoulder.
Young girl, probably in her teens, wearing multi colour tshirt, with red, pink and yellow shades in it with a pair of black or grey coloured jeans. She is wearing white or grey coloured shoes. She has dark, long hair. She is carrying a pink backpack and is holding something like a book in her right hand.
A man with tall appearance, medium build, dark and short hair, wearing grey coloured plain tshirt with a dark charcoal coloured jacket on it. He is wearing a pair of black shorts. He wears a pair of black slippers. He is holding something like a mobile phone or wallet in his right hand.
This looks like a picture of a woman in her late twenties, with pop hair cut, and dark hair, wearing ash coloured tshirt with black logos printed on it. She wears purple or pink coloured jeans. She is wearing dark coloured footwear. She may be wearing eye glasses.
A tall but flabby man, with dark and short hair, wearing ash coloured hoodie jacket with a pair of black coloured shorts. He is wearing black coloured socks and ash coloured shoes. He carries a black backpack on his back.
Short man, who appears young, wearing ash coloured tee with black neckline and a pair of white and black checked shorts. He wears a pair of black coloured slippers. His hair appears dark and short. He appears to be holding something in his hands.
This appears to be a middle aged woman, who has dark hair and is wearing a long, red full sleeve top with a black coloured knee length skirt. She is wearing black coloured shoes. She may be carrying a shoulder bag on her left shoulder.
A slim, tall boy, probably in his teens, wearing white and red coloured large polo tshirt which has large horizontal stripes on it. He is wearing a pair of beige coloured pants. He has dark hair which appears short. His shoes are white and black in colour. He appears to be carrying a black backpack.
A young guy wearing spectacles with dark frames. He has dark and short hair. He is wearing a black tshirt which has the text "RELAX" written on it in yellow. He is wearing a pair of beige or yellow shorts. He is wearing white coloured shoes. He is carrying a black backpack. He also carries a black bag on his left shoulder.
Probably young man, with dark and short hair, wearing a black coloured hoodie jacket with a pair of black coloured pants. He appears to be wearing black coloured shoes. He is carrying a black coloured bag, probably a cross body bag on his left shoulder.
A tall, old man, with all grey and short hair, wearing white coloured full sleeve shirt with a pair of black coloured full trousers. He is wearing a purple coloured tie around his neck. He is wearing black coloured formal shoes. He is smiling.
A man in his early thirties, with short and dark hair, wearing red and white coloured checked shirt with a pair of grey coloured trousers. He is wearing white and black. coloured shoes. He carries a black coloured bag on his left shoulder.
Kind of tall woman, with medium body build, dark, long and slightly messy hair, wearing grey coloured full hand tshirt or a jacket with a pair of black coloured leggings or jeans. She is wearing dark coloured shoes. She carries a white coloured shoulder bag on her right shoulder which has black letters printed on it.
A college going girl with dark, long hair with a ponytail, wearing white or blue long top with grey jacket on top of it. She wears a pair of blue or black coloured leggings. She is wearing white shoes. She carries a grey coloured bag on her back.
Picture of a young woman with long, dark and wavy hair, wearing beige or off white coloured beautiful top, with a pair of blue coloured jeans. She is wearing white coloured high heeled shoes. She is carrying a white shoulder bag on her right shoulder.
A thin and young boy, with dark and short hair, wearing orange coloured tshirt with yellow prints on it. He is wearing a pair of grey coloured jeans. He is carrying a red or brown backpack on his back. His shoes are black and white in colour.
Looks like a young guy in his late teens, with very fair skin and dark hair, wearing white tshirt with black logo printed on it. He is wearing a pair of grey jeans. He wears white colour shoes. He is carrying a red or brown coloured bag on his back.
A young boy, probably in his teens, wearing some light coloured teeshirt with a grey coloured jacket on top of it, with a pair of black coloured jeans. He wears dark coloured shoes. His hair appears dark and short.
This guy is wearing black coloured full sleeve tshirt with a pair of beige coloured pants. He is wearing black coloured boots like shoes. He carries a white or ash coloured backpack on his back. He has dark and short hair.
Middle aged woman, probably in her late thirties or early forties, with dark and short hair. She is wearing black or brown coloured shirt or top with a pair of beige or off white coloured pants. She is wearing dark coloured sandals. She is carrying a dark coloured bag in her right arm.
A man with medium build and short, dark hair, wearing brown coloured tee with white coloured striped sleeves. He is wearing a pair of beige coloured shorts. He wears black coloured slippers. He carries a black backpack on his back. He is holding a green coloured shopping bag in his right hand.
This girl who looks young, has a dark, burgundy coloured, straight hair. She is wearing red coloured top with white designs on it, with a pair of grey coloured jeans. She is wearing black and white coloured shoes. She carries a huge black bag on her back.
A woman with fair skin tone, who has dark, long hair, with a ponytail. She wears white coloured long top with a brown coloured jacket or coat. She is wearing blue coloured denim capri pants. She is wearing white colour shoes. She may be carrying a shoulder bag on her left shoulder.
A young but short man, with dark and short hair, wearing blue coloured jacket or shirt with a pair of dark coloured jeans. He is wearing grey or white coloured shoes. He is carrying a black and white checked backpack on his back.
Appears to be a young woman with long, straight and brown hair, wearing black coloured full sleeve tee shirt or a jacket with a pair of black coloured jeans. Her shoes are black coloured. She carries an orange coloured bag on her back.
Asian man with fair skin tone, dark hair, wearing white tshirt with black texts printed on it. He is wearing a white unbuttoned shirt on top of it. He wears a pair of dark coloured jeans. He is wearing red coloured sports shoes. He carries a black bag on his right shoulder.
A tall but skinny guy, with dark and short hair, looking down while he walks. He is wearing white tee with green designs on it. He wears a pair of black coloured shorts. His slippers are also black in colour. He carries a black bag on his back. He has inserted both of his hands in to the pockets of his shorts.
A fair skinned woman, slightly stout, wearing spectacles. She is wearing black coloured hoodie jacket with a pair of black or grey shorts. She wears white coloured shoes. Her hair is dark and probably tied into a ponytail. She is carrying a grey back in her right hand. She appears to be running or jogging.
This man appears to be wearing eye glasses. He has dark and short hair. He is wearing black coloured tshirt with white logo printed on it. He is wearing a pair of dark coloured denim pants. He wears light coloured shoes. He is trying to remove or wear his grey coloured jacket while he walks.
Young and slender man, wearing white tshirt with a pair of beige coloured shorts. He is wearing black and white shoes. He is carrying a black and white coloured backpack on his back. His hair is dark and is cut short.
A man dressed up in complete formal wear, wearing eye glasses and checking his phone. His hair is dark and short. He is wearing blue coloured full sleeve shirt with a pair of black trousers. He is wearing black coloured shoes. He is carrying a black office bag and a large beige coloured bag in his left hand.
A flabby but tall woman, with long, dark hair with a ponytail, wearing a black and white tshirt with horizontal stripes on it. She is wearing dark coloured jeans. She wears black coloured shoes.
An image of a guy who is dressed fully in black. He is wearing black tee shirt with a pair of black knee length shorts. He is wearing a pair of black flat slippers. His hair is black and short.
A man who appears to be checking his phone while he walks. His hair is dark. He is wearing white or light green coloured polo tee with dark coloured lines printed on it running from left to right. He is wearing dark coloured denim pants. He wears dark coloured shoes with white laces. He carries a grey or black backpack.
Young man, with short, black coloured hair, wearing black and grey coloured full sleeve sweatshirt which has thick horizontal stripes on it. He is wearing a pair of blue coloured jeans. His shoes appear to be black coloured with green soles. He is carrying a large grey backpack on his back.
Thin guy, with brown hair, wearing blue coloured tee shirt with a pair of brown or dark grey coloured shorts. He is wearing dark grey or brown coloured slippers. He is holding something like a file in his left hand and is adjusting his hair with his right hand.
A medium build lady in long blue jacket with a pair of black coloured pants. She appears to be wearing black coloured shoes. She has dark hair, which is long and tied into a ponytail. She may be carrying a bag in her hand.
A blurred picture of a man, with fair skin, dark coloured hair. He is wearing an off white or beige coloured tshirt with black neckline. He is wearing grey coloured cargo shorts. He wears black or brown coloured slippers.
A slim, tall girl who has dark, long and straight hair, wearing spectacles. She is wearing a white tee with dark blue or black coloured prints on it. She is wearing a pair of blue jeans. She wears white coloured shoes. She is holding something like a paper in her right hand.
Young Asian, with black coloured hair, wearing white or light blue coloured shirt with a pair of dark coloured trousers. He is wearing pearl white shoes. He is wearing a black watch on his left wrist and something like a black bracelet in his right wrist. He is wearing eye glasses. His hair is short. He is carrying a black bag on his right shoulder.
This is an image of a young woman, with dark hair, probably tied into a ponytail. She is trying to talk on her phone while she is walking. She wears yellow coloured tshirt with a pair of black coloured capri pants. She is wearing a pair of dark coloured sandals. She carries a black bag on her right shoulder.
This guy is wearing a grey coloured checked hoodie zipper shirt and has both his hands inserted into the pockets of his shirt. He is wearing a pair of black jeans. He wears white coloured shoes. He has dark coloured hair and it is cut short.
Photo of a young and fit man, probably in his twenties, wearing white tee with a pair of grey or beige coloured shorts. He is wearing a pair of black shoes. He is carrying a black coloured cross body bag. His hair is short and dark.
Looks like a man with medium build, wearing black coloured shirt with a pair of blue or black coloured jeans. He is wearing black coloured shoes. His hair appears to be black and short. He is wearing black coloured waist belt.
An Asian man with short, dark hair, and very fair skin tone, wearing white tshirt with a pair of black coloured trousers. He is wearing black coloured shoes. He is carrying a black backpack.
Looks like a girl, probably in her early twenties, with long, straight and dark hair. The hair is slightly messy. She wears a dark coloured full sleeve tee with a pair of dark coloured denim pants. She wears a pair of black shoes. She is carrying a red bag on her back. She holds a book in her right hand.
Looks like a young man wearing a blue or turquoise coloured tee shirt with a pair of black coloured track pants. He is wearing white coloured shoes. He may be wearing eye glasses. He is carrying a black cross body bag..
This appears to be an Asian man, whose hair is black coloured and short, wearing black tee shirt with a pair of dark charcoal coloured pants. He appears to be wearing grey or green coloured shoes. He carries a black bag on his right shoulder.
A slim guy, who appears not so short and not so tall, with brown, short hair. He is wearing glasses for his eyes. He is wearing a black coloured polo tee with white coloured large X shaped print on it. He is wearing beige coloured trousers. He wears white and orange coloured shoes. He carries a black bag on his right shoulder.
This is a picture of a man who is wearing black tshirt with white cartoon prints on it. He is wearing a pair of grey coloured shorts. He is wearing black shoes with white laces. He is holding a white paper in his left hand. His face is not visible.
Photo of a nice looking guy, probably in his teenage, wearing white tshirt with an orange coloured rain coat on it, with a pair of black coloured jeans. He is wearing white coloured shoes with black laces. He is wearing eye glasses. He has short, dark hair. He wears a black watch in his left wrist and is holding a white paper in his right hand. He appears to me smiling.
A tall, fit man, wearing white coloured tee shirt with green coloured sleeves. He is wearing a pair of dark coloured pants. He wears white and black colour shoes. His hair is dark and short. He is carrying a white or grey coloured huge backpack on his back.
A short and slightly stout man, who has dark coloured hair, short haircut, wearing white coloured full sleeve shirt with a pair of black coloured trousers. He wears black coloured shoes. He is carrying a black backpack.
This looks like a young guy, probably in his early or mid twenties with dark and short hair. He is wearing a white or grey shirt with checks on it with a pair of dark coloured jeans. He is wearing a pair of dark coloured shoes. He is carrying a black bag on his back.
A slim, tall and pretty woman, who has long, dark hair. She is wearing a grey coloured tshirt with yellow coloured sleeves. She wears a pair of blue or green denim pants. She is wearing black coloured flat shoes. She carries a black bag on her right shoulder.
Picture of a man who looks young with dark hair and short haircut. He is wearing white tshirt with a pair of blue jeans. He is wearing white coloured shoes. He is carrying a huge black or grey backpack. He is holding something black coloured in his right arm, probably a file.
This man has dark and short hair which appears messy. He wears dark grey coloured full sleeve shirt with a pair of black or dark blue jeans. He is wearing dark coloured shoes. He carries a black bag on his back.
A slender, young girl with dark hair which has been cut short into a nice hairstyle. She is wearing a grey coloured loose top with thick horizontal stripes on it. She wears a pair of grey or white coloured shorts. She is wearing dark coloured shoes. She carries a black bag on her left shoulder. She is holding something like a paper in her right hand.
This appears to be a person, who looks young and slim. This person may be having dark coloured hair. The person is wearing something like a black coloured long shirt or top with a pair of black or blue coloured jeans. The person's shoes are black and white in colour.
Photo of a young man who appears to be talking on the phone while he is walking. He is wearing a red coloured tee with white text written on it. He is wearing a white jacket which has black lines printed on it. He is wearing a pair of black jeans. He is wearing brown coloured shoes. He has dark and short hair. He wears eye glasses. He is carrying something like a water bottle in his left hand.
This looks like a man who is thin and kind of tall in appearance. He has dark and slightly long hair. He is wearing olive or brown coloured coat with a pair of grey coloured jeans. He is wearing white shoes. He carries a purple coloured backpack. He is wearing something like a bracelet in his left arm.
Looks like a slim and young girl who appears tall. She has long, dark and straight hair. She wears a white top with black coloured coat on it. She wears black coloured short skirt with black stockings. She wears black shoes.
An Asian man, probably in his early thirties, who is tall and skinny, wearing eye glasses. He has dark hair which is short. He is wearing a black jacket with a pair of black shorts. He is wearing brown coloured shoes. It looks like he is carrying a bag on the back.
A cute girl who appears to be biting her nails while she walks. She has dark and long hair, and is wearing a grey tee with a black coloured coat on it. She appears to be carrying a black coloured bag on her left shoulder.
A slightly fat and tall woman, who has silky straight, brown hair. She appears to be smiling. She wears a black tshirt with a cross symbol on it. She wears black coloured capri pants. She is wearing a red coloured watch on her left wrist. She may be carrying a bag on her back.
Photo of a man from the back while he is walking. His hair is short and black in colour. He has wheatish skin tone. He is wearing black tee with a pair of black and white shorts. He wears flat slippers. He is carrying a green backpack.
A very young and thin boy, probably in his late teens, with dark and short hair. He is wearing a grey coloured zipper jacket with hoodie, with a pair of dark coloured jeans. He wears black coloured shoes with white laces. He carries a black bag on his back. He is holding a pink coloured polythene bag in his left hand.
This is a picture of a man who looks like a nerd with his spectacles. He has dark and short hair. He wears black tshirt with green texts on it, with a pair of grey coloured pants. He is wearing dark coloured slippers. He wears a dark coloured watch on his left wrist.
This guy appears to me very thin and kind of tall, wearing white tee shirt with black colour designs on it, with a pair of black coloured jeans. He wears dark coloured shoes. He is carrying a black bag on his back. He has dark hair.
A beautiful, young and slim girl who has brown coloured, straight and silky long hair. She wears white and black coloured full sleeve tee with a pair of black coloured skin tight jeans. She wears black boots. She carries a white colour bag on her right shoulder.
A flabby man with fair skin, wearing eye glasses. He has dark and short hair. He is wearing blue coloured tshirt with white coloured designs printed on it. He is wearing a pair of black coloured pants. He is wearing black shoes. He carries a black bag in his left hand. He wears something like a black coloured watch in his left wrist.
A man who appears to be tall and skinny, with dark hair which is cut short, wearing spectacles. He is wearing black tshirt with white prints with a grey jacket on top of it. He is wearing a pair of black pants. He wears light coloured shoes. He is wearing a metallic watch or bracelet on his right wrist.
Picture of a slim and tall guy, wearing eye glasses. He has dark and short hair. He is wearing a grey coloured full sleeve shirt with a pair of black coloured jeans. He wears grey coloured shoes too. He is holding something like a set of papers in his hands. He wears a black watch in his left wrist.
A young guy with dark and short hair, wearing grey or brown coloured checked shirt with a pair of blue jeans. He is wearing light coloured shoes. He is carrying a black coloured bag on his back.
A blurred picture of a person wearing black and white long checked shirt with a pair of black coloured jeans or pants. This person wears white coloured shoes. This person carries a red or pink coloured backpack on the back.
A well built, young, fair skinned Asian, walking while he talks on the phone. He is wearing white tshirt with black designs printed on it. He is wearing a beige coloured cargo shorts. He wears white shoes with blue or black laces. He carries a black bag on his back.
A very young guy, should be in his early twenties, wearing blue denim shirt with a pair of grey trousers. He is wearing grey or black coloured shoes. His hair is dark and short. He is carrying an orange backpack.
This man appears to be in full black wear. He has black hair which is short. He is wearing black coloured jacket with a pair of black coloured jeans or pants. His shoes appear black in colour too. He is carrying a black bag on his right shoulder.
A short man, probably an Asian, using his phone while he is walking. He has dark and short hair. He is wearing a grey coloured hoodie jacket with a pair of black coloured track pants. He is wearing a pair of white shoes. He carries a black bag on his back.
A medium build Asian man, with his hair cut short and coloured black, wearing eye glasses. He is wearing black coloured tshirt with a pair of black shorts with white borders. He is wearing black shoes with white laces. He is carrying a grey or green backpack.
This is a picture of a young guy who is wearing blue polo tshirt with a pair of dark grey trousers. He has dark hair and his hair appears short. He is wearing dark coloured shoes. He is carrying a black bag on his back.
A fit and young man, with dark and short hairstyle, wearing violet and white coloured full hand tshirt with horizontal black lines on it. He is wearing a pair of black colour cargo pants. He wears black shoes. He carries a black bag on his right shoulder.
An Asian man with cool hairstyle, where his hair appears straightened and dark. He is wearing black tee with grey prints on it, with a white jacket on it, and a pair of black or dark coloured denim pants. He is wearing a pair of white shoes, probably Nike. He is carrying a black bag on his left shoulder.
This is a young boy, probably in his teens with dark hair, with spikes on the top. He is wearing white and black horizontally striped tshirt with a black jacket on top of it, and a pair of black jeans. He wears white coloured shoes.
A young, tall girl with dark, long and straight hair, wearing a brown or black coloured long winter top with a pair of black coloured leggings or tights. She is wearing black coloured shoes. She carries a dark coloured bag on her left shoulder. She holds something like a metal stick in her right hand. She appears to be smiling.
A tall woman with medium build, with dark and long hair, tied in to a ponytail, wearing a black or grey jacket with a pair of black coloured leggings. She is wearing a pair of black shoes with white borders. She is carrying a black coloured backpack.
This photo is of a young man who appears to have short and dark hair. He wears black coloured jacket with a pair of black coloured jeans. He is wearing a pair of white colour shoes. He is carrying a grey coloured backpack.
Tall and fit man with dark hair, wearing spectacles. He is wearing a light pink or grey coloured full hand shirt with a pair of dark denim shorts. He is wearing a pair of brown coloured sandals. He is holding a green colour file in his left hand and something like a silver flask in his right hand.
A stout but tall girl, with dark, long and wavy hairstyle, wearing white tshirt with a black jacket on top of it, with a black short skirt and a pair of black leggings. She appears to be wearing black coloured shoes with white laces.
Image of a man who appears to be in his twenties, with dark and short hair, wearing grey coloured jacket with hoodie with a pair of black or dark grey coloured jeans. He is wearing white coloured shoes. He is carrying a black coloured backpack on his back.
This woman has messy, long and dark hair. She is wearing pink top with a pair of white coloured jeans. She is wearing a pair of black coloured high heeled shoes. She is carrying a golden or brown coloured shoulder bag on her right shoulder.
A medium build woman, with brown, long and wavy hair, wearing brown coloured wide neck top with a white or ash colour short skirt, and a pair of white leggings. She is wearing white coloured shoes. She appears to be carrying a sling bag on her left shoulder.
Tall, skinny girl with black, long hair with ponytail, wearing grey or ash coloured top with a pair of dark coloured denim capri pants. She is wearing white coloured shoes. She is carrying a white coloured hand bag on her right shoulder which has black dots on it.
Young, slim man, with dark, short hair, wearing grey or charcoal coloured tshirt with a pair of black shorts. He is wearing grey coloured shoes. He carries a black cross body bag, which has pink designs on it.
This looks like a photo of a tall woman, who is wearing some white top with a some grey shorts. She may be wearing white coloured shoes. She appears to be carrying a huge white jacket or bag on her back. The photo is very much blurred and not clear.
This photo is of a beautiful, young girl in her twenties, with dark, long and messy hair, wearing white tshirt with a pair of black shorts. She is wearing black coloured shoes. She is holding a white or off white coloured jacket in her right hand and a water bottle in her left hand. She is carrying a large black bag on her right shoulder.
A slim and tall girl, possibly in her mid twenties, wearing a grey coloured tshirt with green coloured cartoon prints on it, with brown or black coloured coat on the top. She wears a pair of grey or blue coloured jeans. She wears black shoes with white laces. She carries a bag on her right shoulder. Her hair is dark, long and straight.
Profile of a young man, with short, dark hair, wearing white coloured tshirt with a pair of black coloured jeans. He is wearing a black watch on his left wrist. He is carrying a huge black bag on his back. His shoes are dark in colour.
It appears to be a photo of a man who has black coloured hair and his hair is cut short. He is wearing white tee shirt with a pair of grey coloured or blue coloured jeans. He is wearing dark coloured shoes. He may be holding something like a phone in his right hand.
An ordinary man who appears tall with dark skin tone, with dark and short hair, wearing dark coloured tshirt with a pair of dark coloured knee length shorts. He is wearing grey coloured shoes. He is carrying a black bag on his back.
A young and tall man in sports outfits, wearing black tshirt with a pair of black shorts. He is wearing grey coloured shoes. He is carrying a black back pack on his back. He has dark hair and his hair is cut short.
Looks like a tall, young man, wearing red colour jacket with a pair of grey coloured trousers. He appears to be wearing grey or black coloured shoes. He has short and black coloured hair. He is carrying a military themed backpack on his back.
Backside picture of a young man with brown and short hair, wearing a big black colour jacket with a pair of black coloured shorts. He is wearing a pair of red coloured shoes. He carries a black colour bag on his back.
An average man, with black colour hair and short hair style, wearing white or grey coloured shirt with a pair of black coloured pants. He is wearing black coloured shoes. He is carrying a brown colour travel bag on his right shoulder.
A simple man, looking young with dark and short hair, wearing black coloured tshirt with a pair of black coloured jeans. He is wearing a pair of black coloured shoes. He is carrying a black or grey back on his right shoulder.
This man appears young, with dark, short and messy hair, wearing dark coloured tshirt with a pair of blue coloured jeans. He is wearing a pair of dark coloured shoes. He is carrying a grey bag on his left shoulder.
A formally dressed young man with dark and short hair, wearing white shirt with a black coloured sleeveless coat on top of it, with a pair of black coloured full pants. He is wearing a pair of black shoes. He is carrying a black bag on his right shoulder and black bag in his left hand.
Slim and beautiful teenage girl, who should be in her late teens, wearing white coloured full sleeve, zipper jacket with a pair of white coloured mini shorts. She is wearing a pair of grey coloured shoes. She carries a black bag on her right shoulder. Her hair is dark and wavy.
A fair skinned Asian girl, cutely dressed in white coloured tshirt with a black coloured short skirt. She has dark, long and straight hair. She is wearing brown coloured shoes. She is carrying her jacket in her hands. She is carrying a black bag on her right shoulder.
A slim and pretty girl, who has dark, long and wavy hair, wearing white tshirt with horizontal pink or red lines on it, with a large black coat on it. And with a pair of dark blue or grey coloured jeans. She wears a pair of white shoes. She may be carrying a bag on her right shoulder.
This appears to be a picture of a girl, probably in her early twenties, wearing a dark charcoal or black coloured tshirt with a pair of black coloured jeans. She appears to be wearing black coloured shoes. She is carrying a grey coloured bag on her right shoulder. She has dark hair.
A beautiful, young Asian girl, with dark, wavy, silky hair, wearing grey or black coloured long shift dress with a brown coloured jacket on top of it. She is wearing a pair of black coloured shoes. She may be carrying a bag on her back.
A tall and thin man, with dark hair and short hair cut, wearing green coloured tshirt with a pair of grey coloured trousers or shorts. He is wearing a watch on his left wrist. He carries a black or grey backpack on his back.
A chic, young girl, with dark, short and straight hair, wearing red or pink coloured slim fit tshirt with a pair of blue coloured denim mini shorts. She is wearing a pair of dark coloured flat slippers. She carries a black coloured bag on her left shoulder.
A neatly dressed, tall and slim girl with short, dark, wavy hair, wearing charcoal or black coloured full sleeve tshirt with a pair of dark coloured jeans. She is wearing dark coloured shoes. She carries a grey coloured hand bag on her right shoulder. She wears a watch on her left wrist.
Profile of a man, with medium build in his thirties, wearing white or light pink colour shirt with a pair of off white or beige coloured pants. His shoes are white in colour. He is wearing eye glasses. His hair is short and dark.He is carrying a black bag on his right shoulder.
A slender, young man, with dark and short hair, yawning or laughing while he walks. He is swearing white shirt with a pair of black coloured jeans. He is wearing brown coloured shoes. He is carrying a black bag on his back and is holding a white notebook and his smart phone in his right hand.
A fit, young man, with short hair and dark hair colour, wearing white colour tee with a pair of black or grey knee length shorts. He is wearing black coloured shoes. He is carrying a grey colour cross body bag on his left shoulder and is holding a white coloured book in his left hand.
A slim Asian girl in casual wear, who has dark, long, straight hair, wearing white coloured long top with black coloured designs printed on it. The top has black sleeves. She wears black coloured leggings. She is wearing silver colour sandals with white socks. She carries a white bag on her left shoulder and a small polythene bag in her left hand. She appears to be wearing a red or brown wrist watch in her right wrist.
A young, neatly dressed Asian girl with dark, long and silky hair, wearing black and white coloured checked long top. She is holding something like a box in her right hand. She has fair skin tone. It looks like she is trying to call the girl walking in front of her.
This is a man who has dark and short hair and is wearing spectacles. He wears a double coloured full sleeve shirt which is black coloured on the top and green and white coloured, in the bottom with checked designs. He is wearing dark coloured pants. He carries a black bag in his left hand. He holds a white coloured roll of papers in his right hand.
This woman appears to be in her early thirties. She has dark hair and her hair is cut short in poppy hair style. She wears a grey coloured tee with black prints on it with a pair of black coloured pants. She wears grey coloured shoes with white soles. She carries a black shoulder bag on her left shoulder. She is holding a water bottle in her right arm.
A slim and tall girl, with dark, long, straight hair, wearing white long tee with a black coat on top of it, with a pair of blue coloured jeans. She is wearing a pair of white colour shoes. She is carrying a bag on her back. She is talking on her mobile phone.
Image of a young man who appears be hearing some music with his white color earphones, connected from his smart phone or music player to his ears. He is wearing a purple coloured tshirt with white logo printed on it. He is wearing a pair of dark coloured jeans. He is wearing black and white shoes. He is carrying a black bag on his back. His hair is short and dark.
A young man, slightly stout in appearance, with dark hair and mushroom like haircut, wearing green coloured tshirt with a pair of black coloured pants. He is wearing white coloured shoes. He appears to be carrying a bag in his left hand.
A tall man with good body build, wearing blue tshirt with a pair of black coloured shorts which has white vertical stripes on its sides. He is wearing dark coloured slippers. He has dark and short hair. He is carrying a black coloured file in his left hand.
Pretty, young girl, with long, dark hair, tied in the back, wearing a black and white loose fit top, which has lines from left to right printed on it. She wears a pair of grey or dark blue jeans with a pair of dark coloured flat slippers. She appears to be wearing white socks. She is holding a huge cup in her left hand, probably a coffee or juice. She may be wearing eye glasses.
A young and stout woman, with dark and short hair, wearing green coloured tshirt with multicolour designs printed on it. She wears a pair of black coloured pants. She wears grey and white shoes. She is carrying a black bag on her back. She holds something like a card or paper in her left hand and is looking at it.
Appears to be a young woman with short and dark hair, wearing a white and red polo tee with thick horizontal lines on it. She wears a brown or tan coloured sleeveless jacket on it. She is wearing a pair of dark coloured pants. She is wearing white colour Adidas shoes. She is carrying a bag on her left shoulder.
A young man, probably an Asian with dark coloured hair and it is short. He is wearing eye glasses. He is wearing a white polo tshirt with black coloured horizontal stripes on it. He is wearing a pair of blue jeans. He is carrying a black cross body bag on his right shoulder and a black bag in his right arm. He wears white coloured shoes.
A middle aged man with medium body build, wearing eye glasses with dark frames. He is wearing a black coloured tee with red and white prints on it, and a pair of white shorts. He is wearing brown coloured boots. He is wearing a black watch on his right wrist. He is holding a roll of papers in his left hand and something like a file or tablet in his right hand. His hair is dark and short.
A skinny and tall Asian, who has dark, messy and short hair, wearing black coloured, round neck tshirt with a pair of grey or off white shorts. He is wearing a pair of white coloured flat slippers.
Photo of a short man, who appears to have dark coloured hair and short hair style, possibly wearing eye glasses. He is wearing a blue coloured polo tshirt with a pair of dark blue coloured jeans. He is wearing a pair of black shoes. He is carrying a huge black backpack on his back.
This man looks tall and young, probably in his twenties, slightly stout, wearing black coloured shirt with a pair of white coloured pants. He wears a pair of black coloured shoes with white designs on it. He may be carrying a bag on his back.
This is a photo of a man who has short and dark hair, with fair skin, wearing black coloured shirt with full hand, with a pair of dark blue jeans. He is wearing dark coloured shoes. He is holding something like a set of papers in his left hand. He has a black wrist watch tied in his left wrist.
A tall man, probably in his late thirties, with dark and short hair, wearing a grey coloured full sleeve shirt with a pair of grey coloured jeans. He is wearing dark coloured shoes with white soles. He carries a black bag on his right shoulder. He is carrying a small polythene bag in his left hand, probably a food bag.
A dark skinned man, who appears to be have dark hair and it appears short. He is wearing a grey coloured tshirt with a pair of black coloured full pants. He is wearing black coloured shoes. He carries a huge black bag on his back.
This man walks in his pair of white coloured shoes. He has dark and short hair. He is wearing a black and white tshirt which has huge black and white, vertical stripes on it. He is wearing a pair of grey coloured pants. He carries a brown or tan coloured bag on his left shoulder.
A young man with fair skin tone, dark coloured messy and short hair, wearing white coloured full sleeve shirt with a pair of black coloured full trousers. He is wearing black colour shoes. He is carrying a brown coloured bag on his right shoulder.
Profile of a young man, who has dark and short hair, wearing black coloured polo tshirt with a pair of black coloured pants. He is wearing a pair of white shoes. He is carrying a black bag on his right shoulder. He is holding a set of white coloured files in his left hand.
A woman in her early thirties, who has dark, long and wavy hair, wearing a green coloured full sleeve tshirt with a pair of dark coloured jeans. She appears to be wearing dark coloured high heeled shoes. She carries a brown coloured shopping bag on her right shoulder.
A tall, slim and young man with dark and short hair, walking with both of his hands inserted into the pockets of his shorts. He is wearing white tshirt with a pair of black shorts. He is wearing grey coloured shoes. He is carrying a black backpack with white designs on it.
Appears like a young Asian man, wearing eye glasses. He has dark and short hair, slightly messy. He is wearing black coloured tshirt with a pair of grey coloured trousers. He is wearing dark coloured shoes. He carries a white bag or pack in his right hand.
Photo of a girl who looks like an Asian. She is lean, young, with wavy, dark hair. She wears a grey coloured plain tee with a pair of blue jeans. She wears yellow coloured shoes with red laces. She is wearing a black scarf around her neck. She has a black watch on her left wrist. She carries a black bag on her right shoulder and is holding a smart phone in her right hand.
A picture of a beautiful, young girl who is wearing a grey coloured top with white coloured horizontal lines printed on it. She is wearing a brown or maroon coloured short skirt. She wears brown coloured flat sandals. Her hair looks brown or burgundy coloured, straight and long. She carries a brown bag on her left shoulder and a white file in her left hand.
This man looks young, with dark and short hair. He appears to have a dark skin tone. He is wearing a dark coloured tshirt with grey sleeves. He is wearing a pair of light coloured pants or shorts. He is carrying a black or dark blue coloured back pack on his back.
A slightly stout woman with short, dark and messy hair, wearing a large black and white top which has large horizontal stripes in black and white on it. She is wearing a black or dark blue coloured skinny jeans. She wears white coloured shoes. She is carrying a white coloured bag on her right shoulder.
A young and pretty Asian girl who has dark, long and straight hair. She is wearing a green coloured tshirt with white letters printed on it. She wears a grey jacket on top of it. She is wearing a pair of dark blue jeans with white coloured shoes. She is carrying a green shopping bag on her right shoulder.
A woman who appears to be young, should be in her early thirties, with dark and long hair with a ponytail. She wears a long grey top with a pair of black coloured leggings. She wears pink or red coloured shoes. She carries a bag on her right shoulder. She appears to be adjusting her hair while she walks.
Photo of a man's back pose who is wearing olive or beige coloured sweatshirt with a pair of black coloured jeans. He is wearing black coloured shoes. He has dark hair and it is cut short. He is carrying a black bag on his back. He is holding something with his arms.
This man appears young, probably in his early thirties. He has dark and short hair, and he is wearing a black and white coloured checked full hand shirt with a pair of black coloured pants. He is carrying a black bag on his back.
A tall and slender man who wears black coloured full sleeve shirt with a pair of light blue jeans. He is wearing a pair of dark coloured shoes. He is carrying a huge, black backpack on his back. He appears to have short and dark hair.
An elegantly dressed woman who has dark and short hair, wearing black and red long top with a pair of black coloured leggings or jeans. She is wearing a pair of red coloured shoes. She carries a red or pink coloured shoulder bag on her right shoulder.
This picture appears to be of a tall and young school going boy, probably in his late teens, who has dark and short hair. He wears a grey or white coloured full sleeve sweatshirt with a pair of dark coloured trousers. He wears black coloured shoes. He carries a black bag on his back. He may be wearing eye glasses.
A young man who walks and checks on his phone with his left hand. He appears to be wearing eye glasses and he has dark hair. He is wearing green coloured tshirt with a pair of white coloured shorts. He is wearing white coloured shoes. He carries a black back pack on his back.
A chic girl, dressed up in blue coloured denim shirt with a pair of black coloured full tights. She is wearing a pair of black shoes. She has brown coloured hair, which appears long and messy. She carries a brown coloured sling bag on her left shoulder.
An image of an Asian girl, probably going to her college, wearing a white and brown coloured checked shirt with a black jacket on it with a hoodie. She wears a pair of blue jeans and black coloured shoes. She wears a big watch on her left wrist. She may be carrying a bag on her back. She has dark and long hair. She wears eye glasses.
A man walking in his casual wear who appears to be wearing a black coloured jacket with multicolour prints on it with a pair of dark grey coloured jeans. He wears black coloured shoes. He has dark and short hair. He is carrying a black bag on his left shoulder, it is a cross body bag.
This is an image of a young boy in his teens, whose hair is black and it appears short. He wears a white full sleeve shirt with a pair of grey or black coloured pants. He wears a pair of black shoes. He carries a black or brown bag on his right shoulder.
A young boy, probably in his teenage, who has short and black coloured hair, wearing white shirt with his sleeves rolled up to his elbow. He is wearing a pair of black pants. He is carrying a black bag on his right shoulder.
A casually dressed man with dark and short hair, wearing a grey coloured shirt with a pair of grey coloured trousers. He may be wearing black coloured shoes. He is carrying a grey bag on his left shoulder.
This appears like a woman, probably in her early thirties. She has brown, short hair which is messy. She wears a green coloured shirt with a pair of white mini shorts. She is wearing a pair of brown shoes. she carries a brown coloured leather bag on her right shoulder and a white coloured file in her right hand.
This is a girl, with long and dark hair with a ponytail. She appears to be in her sports or casual wear, wearing a red coloured tshirt with a pair of black coloured track pants. She is wearing white coloured sports shoes. She carries a grey bag on her back and a black bag in her right hand.
Looks like a girl, with short, dark hair, wearing a white or off white coloured jacket with hoodie, which has brown coloured horizontal lines on int. She is wearing a pair of dark coloured jeans. She wears a pair of white shoes. She carries a dark coloured bag on her right shoulder.
Picture of a man in his late twenties, wearing white coloured tshirt with an image of a duck printed on it. He wears a pair of grey coloured trousers. He is wearing eye glasses and he has dark and short hair. He carries a black cross body bag on his right shoulder. He may be carrying another bag in his left arm. He appears to be carrying something like a small box in his right arm.
A boy, with short hair, and dark hair colour, probably in his mid teens, wearing a purple and black coloured full sleeve shirt with a pair of blue coloured jeans. He appears to be carrying a black coloured back pack on his back.
This is a young man in his early twenties, with dark and short hair. He is wearing a navy blue or black coloured tshirt with a pair of beige or off white shorts. He wears black coloured shoes. He is carrying a green coloured cross body bag on his back.
This is an image of young girl with long, dark, wavy hair. She wears a white long top and a black coloured full sleeve jacket on it. She wears a pair of black leggings. She is wearing red or brown coloured shoes. She carries a red coloured bag on her right shoulder.
A cutely dressed girl with long, brown and straight hair. She wears a white coloured top with a dark coloured mini skirt. She is wearing a pair of dark coloured shoes. The image is really blurred, so it is not clear if she is carrying a bag.
This man looks young and has dark and short hair. He is wearing a beige or brown coloured shirt with a pair of grey coloured full trousers. He is wearing dark coloured shoes. He carries a huge black back pack on his back.
A young person who is little stout, with short and dark hair, wearing a black coloured hoodie jacket with a pair of grey coloured pants. The person wears a black and white coloured ankle length shoes. The person carries a white coloured backpack.
A tall, slim and young girl, who appears to be having her headphones on. She has dark and long hair, with a ponytail. She is wearing a pink and orange coloured long jacket with hoodie with a pair of black leggings or tights. She wears grey coloured shoes. She carries a black backpack.
Looks like a short, medium build man, who points at something with his right hand while he walks. He has short and dark hair. He is wearing a black tee with a pair of white coloured trousers and black coloured shoes. He is carrying a black shopping bag on his right shoulder. He is wearing a watch in his right hand wrist.
This looks like a man who has dark and short hair and is wearing eye glasses. He is checking his phone with his right hand. He is wearing a dark coloured tshirt with white prints on it, and a pair of dark coloured pants. He wears black coloured shoes. He may be carrying a backpack that may be black in colour.
